help/dsp/campaign-management/placements/placement-view-report.md, before:

---
title: View a Detailed Report for a Placement
description: View a Detailed Report for a Placement
exl-id: 90cd8030-73a6-4224-9a04-dcee91ce7d78
---
# View a Detailed Report for a Placement

The legacy placement-level report includes an overview and sections on Geography, Device, Viewability, Audience Performance, Notifications, and Ads data.

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Click the name of the campaign.
1. In the submenu, click **Placements**.
1. Next to the placement name, click  **... > View report**.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [View the Sites, Ads, and Frequency Details for a Placement](/help/dsp/campaign-management/reports/placement-details-view.md)
>* [View a Detailed Report for an Ad](/help/dsp/campaign-management/ads/ad-view-report.md)
>* [View a Detailed Report for a Campaign](/help/dsp/campaign-management/campaigns/campaign-view-report.md)
>* [About In-Platform Reports](/help/dsp/campaign-management/reports/campaign-reports-about.md)
>* [About Custom Reports](/help/dsp/reports/report-about.md)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/campaign-management/placements/placement-view-report.md, after:

---
title: View a Detailed Report for a Placement
description: Learn how to open a placement-level report with sections on Geography, Device, Viewability, Audience Performance, Notifications, and Ads data.
feature: campaign management, placements
exl-id: 90cd8030-73a6-4224-9a04-dcee91ce7d78
---
# View a Detailed Report for a Placement

The legacy placement-level report includes an overview and sections on Geography, Device, Viewability, Audience Performance, Notifications, and Ads data.

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Click the name of the campaign.
1. In the submenu, click **Placements**.
1. Next to the placement name, click  **... > View report**.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [View the Sites, Ads, and Frequency Details for a Placement](/help/dsp/campaign-management/reports/placement-details-view.md)
>* [View a Detailed Report for an Ad](/help/dsp/campaign-management/ads/ad-view-report.md)
>* [View a Detailed Report for a Campaign](/help/dsp/campaign-management/campaigns/campaign-view-report.md)
>* [About In-Platform Reports](/help/dsp/campaign-management/reports/campaign-reports-about.md)
>* [About Custom Reports](/help/dsp/reports/report-about.md)
