help/dsp/campaign-management/placements/placement-edit-ad-schedule.md, before:

---
title: Edit the Ad Schedule for a Placement
description: Edit the Ad Schedule for a Placement
exl-id: 880522d3-efcd-4ff9-8cef-bf6be626869c
---
# Edit the Ad Schedule for a Placement

<!-- Some placements don't have this option. Clarify which placement types aren't eligible -- just simple ad serving placements (PG ones seem okay)? And anything else? -->

You can change the scheduled flight dates and ad rotation for the ads attached to a placement. Each ad can be active during multiple flights.

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Click the name of the campaign.
1. In the submenu, click **Placements**.
1. Next to the placement name, click  **... > Ad schedule**.
    1. Do any of the following:
        * To add a flight, click **Add Flight**, and then specify the start date and end date.
        * To add an existing flight to an ad, click **+** in the ad row for the flight column.
        * To remove an existing flight from an ad, click **x** in the ad row for the flight column.
        * (When multiple ads have the same flight) To rotate the ads unevenly, click **Even Rotation** in the flight information, and then enter the relative weight by which to rotate each ad, as a percentage.
            The total weights must equal 100.
    1. In the upper right, click **Continue**.
    1. Review the flight details, and then click **Save & Finish**.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About Placement Management](placement-about.md)
>* [Edit a Placement](placement-edit.md)
>* [Placement Settings](placement-settings.md)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/campaign-management/placements/placement-edit-ad-schedule.md, after:

---
title: Edit the Ad Schedule for a Placement
description: Learn how to change the ad schedules for the ads attached to a placement.
feature: campaign management, placements
exl-id: 880522d3-efcd-4ff9-8cef-bf6be626869c
---
# Edit the Ad Schedule for a Placement

<!-- Some placements don't have this option. Clarify which placement types aren't eligible -- just simple ad serving placements (PG ones seem okay)? And anything else? -->

You can change the scheduled flight dates and ad rotation for the ads attached to a placement. Each ad can be active during multiple flights.

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Click the name of the campaign.
1. In the submenu, click **Placements**.
1. Next to the placement name, click  **... > Ad schedule**.
    1. Do any of the following:
        * To add a flight, click **Add Flight**, and then specify the start date and end date.
        * To add an existing flight to an ad, click **+** in the ad row for the flight column.
        * To remove an existing flight from an ad, click **x** in the ad row for the flight column.
        * (When multiple ads have the same flight) To rotate the ads unevenly, click **Even Rotation** in the flight information, and then enter the relative weight by which to rotate each ad, as a percentage.
            The total weights must equal 100.
    1. In the upper right, click **Continue**.
    1. Review the flight details, and then click **Save & Finish**.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About Placement Management](placement-about.md)
>* [Edit a Placement](placement-edit.md)
>* [Placement Settings](placement-settings.md)
