help/dsp/campaign-management/placements/placement-archive-unarchive.md, before:

---
title: Archive or Unarchive a Placement
description: Archive or Unarchive a Placement
exl-id: 3d342f83-1bcb-4f80-b31a-2009bcdde565
---
# Archive or Unarchive a Placement

<!-- Some placements don't have this option. Clarify which placement types aren't eligible -- is it PG and simple ad serving placements, or all placements using private inventory? And anything else?  -->

Hide a placement that isn't being used by archiving it. The only action you can take on an archived placement is to unarchive it. Archived placements aren't shown by default but are still available for reporting.

You can unarchive a placement to restore its previous status at any time.

## Archive a Placement

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Click the name of the campaign.
1. In the submenu, click **Placements**.
1. Next to the placement name, click  **... > Archive**.
1. In the confirmation message, click **Archive**.

>[!NOTE]
>
>To view archived placements, filter the Placements view: click ![Filter button](/help/dsp/assets/filter.png), click **Placement status** and select **Archived**, and then click **Apply.**

## Unarchive a Placement

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Click the name of the campaign.
1. In the submenu, click **Placements**.
1. Next to the placement name, click  **... > Unarchive**.
1. In the confirmation message, click **Unarchive**.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [Pause or Activate a Placement](placement-pause-activate.md)
>* [Edit a Placement](placement-edit.md)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/campaign-management/placements/placement-archive-unarchive.md, after:

---
title: Archive or Unarchive a Placement
description: Learn how to archive or unarchive a placement.
feature: campaign management, placements
exl-id: 3d342f83-1bcb-4f80-b31a-2009bcdde565
---
# Archive or Unarchive a Placement

<!-- Some placements don't have this option. Clarify which placement types aren't eligible -- is it PG and simple ad serving placements, or all placements using private inventory? And anything else?  -->

Hide a placement that isn't being used by archiving it. The only action you can take on an archived placement is to unarchive it. Archived placements aren't shown by default but are still available for reporting.

You can unarchive a placement to restore its previous status at any time.

## Archive a Placement

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Click the name of the campaign.
1. In the submenu, click **Placements**.
1. Next to the placement name, click  **... > Archive**.
1. In the confirmation message, click **Archive**.

>[!NOTE]
>
>To view archived placements, filter the Placements view: click ![Filter button](/help/dsp/assets/filter.png), click **Placement status** and select **Archived**, and then click **Apply.**

## Unarchive a Placement

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Click the name of the campaign.
1. In the submenu, click **Placements**.
1. Next to the placement name, click  **... > Unarchive**.
1. In the confirmation message, click **Unarchive**.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [Pause or Activate a Placement](placement-pause-activate.md)
>* [Edit a Placement](placement-edit.md)
