help/dsp/inventory/deal-id-inbox-about.md, before:

---
title: About the [!UICONTROL Deal ID Inbox]
description: Learn about the [!UICONTROL Deal ID inbox] feature, which allows you to accept private deals you've already negotiated with publishers on [!DNL Google Authorized Buyers], [!DNL FreeWheel], and [!DNL Rubicon].
feature: DSP Private Inventory, DSP Deal IDs
exl-id: 959ad1d4-4671-4967-9f73-ec5b0464d0cd
---
# About the [!UICONTROL Deal ID Inbox]

DSP's [!UICONTROL Deal ID inbox] allows you to quickly set up deals that Advertising Cloud DSP has imported from publishers through supply side platforms (SSPs) so you don't have to set up each deal manually. You can accept the guaranteed and non-guaranteed private inventory deals you've already negotiated with publishers on [!DNL Google Authorized Buyers] (formerly known as [!DNL AdX]), [!DNL FreeWheel], and [!DNL Rubicon], from the [!UICONTROL Deal ID inbox].

>[!NOTE]
>
>Advertising Cloud DSP is the first DSP to integrate with the [!DNL FreeWheel] API.

In the [!UICONTROL Deal ID inbox], you can see the details of the deal as your publisher sees them, speed up your deal setup, and avoid manual entry errors.

DSP automatically refreshes all deal details daily at 4:30 a.m. EST. It also refreshes all [!DNL FreeWheel] deals and updates existing deals from [!DNL Google] and [!DNL Rubicon] hourly. You can also manually refresh the deal details to populate new deals at any time.

<!-- MC: I'm not sure where I got the following. Is this currently true? -->
>[!NOTE]
>
>For programmatic guaranteed deals through [!DNL Google Authorized Buyers], you must deliver on at least 90% of your budget or your account will lose access to [!DNL Google] deals in the [!UICONTROL Deal ID inbox].

## Implementing the [!UICONTROL Deal ID Inbox]

To receive your deals in the [!UICONTROL Deal ID inbox], your SSP accounts must map your organization's DSP account to your SSP account. DSP will share the organization's account names with the relevant SSPs. Contact your Adobe account manager for instructions.

During deal negotiations, tell the publisher to send the deal to your buyer instead of to the parent DSP account. The deal identifier may be a name or an ID, depending on the SSP.

## Actions You Can Take on Your Deals

* **Review deals** to verify that the SSP has sent the correct publisher, flight dates, CPM, and other deal details. If the publisher has made a mistake, contact them outside of DSP so they can correct and re-send the deal.

* **Accept deals** after reviewing, and they will no longer appear in the [!UICONTROL Deal ID inbox]. Accepted deals are listed in [!UICONTROL Inventory] > [!UICONTROL Deals] and are ready to target within advertisers’ placements.

* **Ignore deals** that aren't needed or are unsolicited. Ignored deals are moved to the [!UICONTROL Ignored Deals] tab within the [!UICONTROL Deal ID inbox], which serves as an archive. DSP doesn't alert SSPs and publishers when you ignore a deals.

* **Modify details for already-accepted deals** from [!UICONTROL Inventory] > [!UICONTROL Deals] (not in the [!UICONTROL Deal ID inbox]). Similarly, when publishers send changes to deals, advertisers are responsible for implementing those changes in [!UICONTROL Inventory] > [!UICONTROL Deals] because the [!UICONTROL Deal ID inbox] doesn't sync changes from the SSPs after deals are set up.

## What Types of Deals Can't Be Accepted?

When a deal listing doesn't include a ![Accept](/help/dsp/assets/accept.png) icon or an [!UICONTROL Accept] button, you can't accept it from the [!UICONTROL Deal ID inbox]. Instead, you can [create the deal ID details manually](/help/dsp/inventory/deal-id-create.md).

You can't accept the following types of deals:

* [!DNL Google] deals that aren't in USD.

* [!DNL Rubicon] deals that aren't in USD

* [!DNL FreeWheel] deals that aren't in your account currency.

* Deals that have an end date before today.

* Old [!DNL Rubicon] deals that were labeled as "multiple media types."

The deal details include the reason the deal isn't available to accept.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [Accept a Deal in the Deal ID Inbox](deal-id-inbox-accept.md)
>* [Overview of Inventory Features](inventory-overview.md)

Commit message:

updated company names Rubicon and Telaria to Magnite

help/dsp/inventory/deal-id-inbox-about.md, after:

---
title: About the [!UICONTROL Deal ID Inbox]
description: Learn about the [!UICONTROL Deal ID inbox] feature, which allows you to accept private deals you've already negotiated with publishers on [!DNL FreeWheel], [!DNL Google Authorized Buyers] (formerly known as [!DNL AdX]), and [!DNL Magnite DV+] (formerly [!DNL Rubicon]).
feature: DSP Private Inventory, DSP Deal IDs
exl-id: 959ad1d4-4671-4967-9f73-ec5b0464d0cd
---
# About the [!UICONTROL Deal ID Inbox]

DSP's [!UICONTROL Deal ID inbox] allows you to quickly set up deals that Advertising Cloud DSP has imported from publishers through supply side platforms (SSPs) so you don't have to set up each deal manually. You can accept the guaranteed and non-guaranteed private inventory deals you've already negotiated with publishers on [!DNL FreeWheel], [!DNL Google Authorized Buyers] (formerly known as [!DNL AdX]), and [!DNL Magnite DV+] (formerly [!DNL Rubicon]) from the [!UICONTROL Deal ID inbox].

>[!NOTE]
>
>Advertising Cloud DSP is the first DSP to integrate with the [!DNL FreeWheel] API.

In the [!UICONTROL Deal ID inbox], you can see the details of the deal as your publisher sees them, speed up your deal setup, and avoid manual entry errors.

DSP automatically refreshes all deal details daily at 4:30 a.m. EST. It also refreshes all [!DNL FreeWheel] deals and updates existing deals from [!DNL Google] and [!DNL Magnite DV+] hourly. You can also manually refresh the deal details to populate new deals at any time.

<!-- MC: I'm not sure where I got the following. Is this currently true? -->
>[!NOTE]
>
>For programmatic guaranteed deals through [!DNL Google Authorized Buyers], you must deliver on at least 90% of your budget or your account will lose access to [!DNL Google] deals in the [!UICONTROL Deal ID inbox].

## Implementing the [!UICONTROL Deal ID Inbox]

To receive your deals in the [!UICONTROL Deal ID inbox], your SSP accounts must map your organization's DSP account to your SSP account. DSP will share the organization's account names with the relevant SSPs. Contact your Adobe account manager for instructions.

During deal negotiations, tell the publisher to send the deal to your buyer instead of to the parent DSP account. The deal identifier may be a name or an ID, depending on the SSP.

## Actions You Can Take on Your Deals

* **Review deals** to verify that the SSP has sent the correct publisher, flight dates, CPM, and other deal details. If the publisher has made a mistake, contact them outside of DSP so they can correct and re-send the deal.

* **Accept deals** after reviewing, and they will no longer appear in the [!UICONTROL Deal ID inbox]. Accepted deals are listed in [!UICONTROL Inventory] > [!UICONTROL Deals] and are ready to target within advertisers’ placements.

* **Ignore deals** that aren't needed or are unsolicited. Ignored deals are moved to the [!UICONTROL Ignored Deals] tab within the [!UICONTROL Deal ID inbox], which serves as an archive. DSP doesn't alert SSPs and publishers when you ignore a deals.

* **Modify details for already-accepted deals** from [!UICONTROL Inventory] > [!UICONTROL Deals] (not in the [!UICONTROL Deal ID inbox]). Similarly, when publishers send changes to deals, advertisers are responsible for implementing those changes in [!UICONTROL Inventory] > [!UICONTROL Deals] because the [!UICONTROL Deal ID inbox] doesn't sync changes from the SSPs after deals are set up.

## What Types of Deals Can't Be Accepted?

When a deal listing doesn't include a ![Accept](/help/dsp/assets/accept.png) icon or an [!UICONTROL Accept] button, you can't accept it from the [!UICONTROL Deal ID inbox]. Instead, you can [create the deal ID details manually](/help/dsp/inventory/deal-id-create.md).

You can't accept the following types of deals:

* [!DNL Google] deals that aren't in USD.

* [!DNL Magnite DV+] deals that aren't in USD

* [!DNL FreeWheel] deals that aren't in your account currency.

* Deals that have an end date before today.

* Old [!DNL Magnite DV+] deals that were labeled as "multiple media types."

The deal details include the reason the deal isn't available to accept.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [Accept a Deal in the Deal ID Inbox](deal-id-inbox-accept.md)
>* [Overview of Inventory Features](inventory-overview.md)
