help/dsp/inventory/deal-id-inbox-accept.md, before:

---
title: Accept a Deal in the Deal ID Inbox
description: Accept a Deal in the Deal ID Inbox
exl-id: 55e8ca50-05f5-4f38-9fd5-afaed71315dc
---
# Accept a Deal in the Deal ID Inbox

*Users in DSP Accounts that Are Mapped to SSP Accounts Only*

1. In the main menu, click **Inventory > Deals.**
1. Above the list of Deals, click the blue bar to open the deal ID inbox.
1. (Optional) To refresh the deal details, click **Refresh**.

   DSP automatically refreshes all deal details daily at 4:30 a.m. EST. It also refreshes all FreeWheel deals and updates existing deals from Google and Rubicon hourly.

1. (If you previously ignored the deal) Click the **Ignored Deals** tab.
1. To review and confirm the deal details, such as the publisher and dates, hold the cursor over the deal row and click ![Review](/help/dsp/assets/review.png).
1. Do either of the following:
    * In the deal details, click **Accept**.
    * In the Deal ID inbox, hold the cursor over the deal row and click ![Accept](/help/dsp/assets/accept.png).
1. In the deal details:
    1. Complete the required information: **Publisher**, **Media Type**, and **Deal Access** (the advertisers who will have access to the deal).
    1. (Optional) Specify additional accounts with which to share the deal or attach labels to the deal record.
    1. Click **Save**.
1. (Programmatic guaranteed deals only) Follow the prompts to create a default placement that targets the deal.

Once you accept a deal, it's moved from the deal ID inbox to the Inventory > Deals view, and the deal is available as a private inventory source in each placement's Inventory Targeting section.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About the Deal ID Inbox](deal-id-inbox-about.md)
>* [Set up a Programmatic Guaranteed Deal](programmatic-guaranteed-set-up.md)
>* [About Programmatic Guaranteed Deals](programmatic-guaranteed-about.md)
>* [Overview of Inventory Features](inventory-overview.md)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/inventory/deal-id-inbox-accept.md, after:

---
title: Accept a Deal in the Deal ID Inbox
description: Learn how to accept a private deal you've already negotiated with a publisher on Google Authorized Buyers, FreeWheel, or Rubicon using the Deal ID Inbox.
feature: inventory, deal IDs, Deal ID Inbox
exl-id: 55e8ca50-05f5-4f38-9fd5-afaed71315dc
---
# Accept a Deal in the Deal ID Inbox

*Users in DSP Accounts that Are Mapped to SSP Accounts Only*

1. In the main menu, click **Inventory > Deals.**
1. Above the list of Deals, click the blue bar to open the deal ID inbox.
1. (Optional) To refresh the deal details, click **Refresh**.

   DSP automatically refreshes all deal details daily at 4:30 a.m. EST. It also refreshes all FreeWheel deals and updates existing deals from Google and Rubicon hourly.

1. (If you previously ignored the deal) Click the **Ignored Deals** tab.
1. To review and confirm the deal details, such as the publisher and dates, hold the cursor over the deal row and click ![Review](/help/dsp/assets/review.png).
1. Do either of the following:
    * In the deal details, click **Accept**.
    * In the Deal ID inbox, hold the cursor over the deal row and click ![Accept](/help/dsp/assets/accept.png).
1. In the deal details:
    1. Complete the required information: **Publisher**, **Media Type**, and **Deal Access** (the advertisers who will have access to the deal).
    1. (Optional) Specify additional accounts with which to share the deal or attach labels to the deal record.
    1. Click **Save**.
1. (Programmatic guaranteed deals only) Follow the prompts to create a default placement that targets the deal.

Once you accept a deal, it's moved from the deal ID inbox to the Inventory > Deals view, and the deal is available as a private inventory source in each placement's Inventory Targeting section.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About the Deal ID Inbox](deal-id-inbox-about.md)
>* [Set up a Programmatic Guaranteed Deal](programmatic-guaranteed-set-up.md)
>* [About Programmatic Guaranteed Deals](programmatic-guaranteed-about.md)
>* [Overview of Inventory Features](inventory-overview.md)
