help/dsp/inventory/on-demand-inventory-view-status.md, before:

---
title: View the Status of Your On Demand Deal Requests and Subscriptions
description: View the Status of Your On Demand Deal Requests and Subscriptions
exl-id: 8dd6d922-c4a3-4ddb-bca9-f6f782da1320
---
# View the Status of Your On Demand Deal Requests and Subscriptions

After you request an individual deal or subscribe to all of a publisher's deals, see if the publisher has approved or rejected each deal for each advertiser in your account.

1. In the main menu, click **Inventory > On Demand**.
1. Filter the available deals to include deals you've requested or subscribed to (**Currently subscribed to**)**.
1. Do either of the following:
   * To view the deals in the Deal view, click **Deal view**.
   * To view the deals in the Subscription view:
      1. Click **Subscription view**.
      1. Hold the cursor over the publisher logo, and then click **See Deals**.
1. Locate the Status column to see the approval status.

## Deal Status

Publisher approval or denial can be based on the account type and campaign category for the account, the advertiser category, and the publisher's list of blocked advertisers.

* ![fully approved](/help/dsp/assets/approved.png) for deal requests that were approved for all advertisers in the account

* ![partially approved](/help/dsp/assets/partly-approved.png) for deal requests that were approved for some, but not all, advertisers in the account

   To see why a request was denied for an advertiser, click ![partially approved](/help/dsp/assets/partly-approved.png).

* ![denied](/help/dsp/assets/denied.png) for deal requests that were denied for all advertisers in the account

   To see why a request was denied for each advertiser, click ![denied](/help/dsp/assets/denied.png). If the reason for the denial is something that can be resolved, then you can [re-request the deal](/help/dsp/inventory/on-demand-inventory-rerequest.md).

If you have any questions about the approval process, contact your Adobe account manager.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [Subscribe and Request Access to On Demand Premium Inventory Deals](on-demand-inventory-subscribe.md)
>* [Re-Request On Demand Premium Inventory Deals](on-demand-inventory-rerequest.md)
>* [On Demand Premium Inventory Publishers in Asia Pacific](on-demand-inventory-publishers-apac.md)
>* [On Demand Premium Inventory Publishers in Australia and New Zealand](on-demand-inventory-publishers-anz.md)
>* [On Demand Premium Inventory Publishers in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa](on-demand-inventory-publishers-emea.md)
>* [On Demand Premium Inventory Publishers in North America](on-demand-inventory-publishers-na.md)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/inventory/on-demand-inventory-view-status.md, after:

---
title: View the Status of Your On Demand Deal Requests and Subscriptions
description: Learn how to see the status of your On Demand deal requests and subscriptions.
feature: inventory, On Demand inventory
exl-id: 8dd6d922-c4a3-4ddb-bca9-f6f782da1320
---
# View the Status of Your On Demand Deal Requests and Subscriptions

After you request an individual deal or subscribe to all of a publisher's deals, see if the publisher has approved or rejected each deal for each advertiser in your account.

1. In the main menu, click **Inventory > On Demand**.
1. Filter the available deals to include deals you've requested or subscribed to (**Currently subscribed to**)**.
1. Do either of the following:
   * To view the deals in the Deal view, click **Deal view**.
   * To view the deals in the Subscription view:
      1. Click **Subscription view**.
      1. Hold the cursor over the publisher logo, and then click **See Deals**.
1. Locate the Status column to see the approval status.

## Deal Status

Publisher approval or denial can be based on the account type and campaign category for the account, the advertiser category, and the publisher's list of blocked advertisers.

* ![fully approved](/help/dsp/assets/approved.png) for deal requests that were approved for all advertisers in the account

* ![partially approved](/help/dsp/assets/partly-approved.png) for deal requests that were approved for some, but not all, advertisers in the account

   To see why a request was denied for an advertiser, click ![partially approved](/help/dsp/assets/partly-approved.png).

* ![denied](/help/dsp/assets/denied.png) for deal requests that were denied for all advertisers in the account

   To see why a request was denied for each advertiser, click ![denied](/help/dsp/assets/denied.png). If the reason for the denial is something that can be resolved, then you can [re-request the deal](/help/dsp/inventory/on-demand-inventory-rerequest.md).

If you have any questions about the approval process, contact your Adobe account manager.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [Subscribe and Request Access to On Demand Premium Inventory Deals](on-demand-inventory-subscribe.md)
>* [Re-Request On Demand Premium Inventory Deals](on-demand-inventory-rerequest.md)
>* [On Demand Premium Inventory Publishers in Asia Pacific](on-demand-inventory-publishers-apac.md)
>* [On Demand Premium Inventory Publishers in Australia and New Zealand](on-demand-inventory-publishers-anz.md)
>* [On Demand Premium Inventory Publishers in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa](on-demand-inventory-publishers-emea.md)
>* [On Demand Premium Inventory Publishers in North America](on-demand-inventory-publishers-na.md)
