help/dsp/inventory/on-demand-inventory-publishers-apac.md, before:

---
title: On Demand Premium Inventory Publishers in Asia Pacific
description: On Demand Premium Inventory Publishers in Asia Pacific
exl-id: dda5f9fb-2efb-475b-9219-dfa6294f3e01
---
# On Demand Premium Inventory Publishers in Asia Pacific{#on-demand-inventory-publishers-apac}

<!-- get from Amanda Cabrera <acabrera@adobe.com> -->

| Publisher                   | Geo           |
|-----------------------------|---------------|
| BBC                         | Greater China |
| Bloomberg                   | Greater China |
| CBS Interactive             | Greater China |
| CNN International           | Greater China |
| Conde Nast                  | Greater China |
| EA                          | Greater China |
| Gameloft                    | Greater China |
| MSN                         | Greater China |
| Tripadvisor                 | Greater China |
| U.S. News                   | Greater China |
| UDN                         | Greater China |
| Vidol.tv                    | Greater China |
| Vungle                      | Greater China |
| Yahoo! Taiwan               | Greater China |
| BBC                         | Hong Kong      |
| Bloomberg                   | Hong Kong      |
| CBS Interactive             | Hong Kong      |
| CNN International           | Hong Kong      |
| Conde Nast                  | Hong Kong      |
| Gameloft                    | Hong Kong      |
| MSN                         | Hong Kong      |
| Tripadvisor                 | Hong Kong      |
| U.S. News                   | Hong Kong      |
| Viki                        | Hong Kong      |
| Viu                         | Hong Kong      |
| Yahoo                       | Hong Kong      |
| Asianetnews                 | India         |
| BBC                         | India         |
| Bloomberg                   | India         |
| CBS Interactive             | India         |
| CNN International           | India         |
| Conde Nast                  | India         |
| DNA                         | India         |
| EA                          | India         |
| Gaana                       | India         |
| Gameloft                    | India         |
| HT Digital                  | India         |
| JioSaavn                    | India         |
| MSN                         | India         |
| Network 18                  | India         |
| ScoopWhoop                  | India         |
| SonyLIV                     | India         |
| Sportskeeda                 | India         |
| Spotify                     | India         |
| The Indian Express          | India         |
| Times Internet              | India         |
| Times of India              | India         |
| U.S. News                   | India         |
| VIKI                        | India         |
| Yahoo                       | India         |
| Zee News                    | India         |
| Zee5                        | India         |
| BBC                         | Indonesia     |
| Bloomberg                   | Indonesia     |
| Bola                        | Indonesia     |
| Brilio                      | Indonesia     |
| CBS Interactive             | Indonesia     |
| CNBC                        | Indonesia     |
| CNN International           | Indonesia     |
| Conde Nast                  | Indonesia     |
| DAZN (Perform Media)        | Indonesia     |
| Detik                       | Indonesia     |
| Dream                       | Indonesia     |
| EA                          | Indonesia     |
| Gameloft                    | Indonesia     |
| HOOQ                        | Indonesia     |
| Idntimes                    | Indonesia     |
| iFlix                       | Indonesia     |
| Jakarta Post                | Indonesia     |
| Kapanlagi                   | Indonesia     |
| Kaskus                      | Indonesia     |
| Kompas                      | Indonesia     |
| Line Today                  | Indonesia     |
| Liputan6                    | Indonesia     |
| Merdeka                     | Indonesia     |
| MSN                         | Indonesia     |
| Oona                        | Indonesia     |
| TEMPO.CO                    | Indonesia     |
| Time Inc                    | Indonesia     |
| TimeOut                     | Indonesia     |
| Tribun News                 | Indonesia     |
| Tripadvisor                 | Indonesia     |
| U.S. News                   | Indonesia     |
| Vidio                       | Indonesia     |
| VIKI                        | Indonesia     |
| Viu                         | Indonesia     |
| Viva.co.id                  | Indonesia     |
| WeGo                        | Indonesia     |
| Wow Keren                   | Indonesia     |
| Yahoo                       | Indonesia     |
| Zalora                      | Indonesia     |
| All About Japan             | Japan         |
| Asahi                       | Japan         |
| BBC                         | Japan         |
| Bloomberg                   | Japan         |
| BuzzFeed                    | Japan         |
| CNN International           | Japan         |
| Conde Nast                  | Japan         |
| DAZN (Perform Media)        | Japan         |
| Discovery                   | Japan         |
| EA                          | Japan         |
| Gameloft                    | Japan         |
| GDO                         | Japan         |
| MSN                         | Japan         |
| President Online            | Japan         |
| Sankei iZa                  | Japan         |
| SankeiBiz                   | Japan         |
| Spacekey                    | Japan         |
| Spotify                     | Japan         |
| Tabelog                     | Japan         |
| The Japan Times             | Japan         |
| Toyokeizai                  | Japan         |
| U.S. News                   | Japan         |
| VIKI                        | Japan         |
| Astro                       | Malaysia      |
| Astro Gempak                | Malaysia      |
| BBC                         | Malaysia      |
| Bloomberg                   | Malaysia      |
| CBS Interactive             | Malaysia      |
| China Press                 | Malaysia      |
| CNBC                        | Malaysia      |
| CNN International           | Malaysia      |
| Conde Nast                  | Malaysia      |
| DAZN (Perform Media)        | Malaysia      |
| Digital Trends              | Malaysia      |
| EA                          | Malaysia      |
| Gameloft                    | Malaysia      |
| iFlix                       | Malaysia      |
| Investopedia                | Malaysia      |
| Malay Mail Online           | Malaysia      |
| Malaysiakini                | Malaysia      |
| Media Prima                 | Malaysia      |
| MSN                         | Malaysia      |
| Sinar Harian                | Malaysia      |
| Star Media Group            | Malaysia      |
| The Asian Parent - Malaysia | Malaysia      |
| Thomson Reuters             | Malaysia      |
| Time Inc                    | Malaysia      |
| TimeOut                     | Malaysia      |
| Tonton                      | Malaysia      |
| Tripadvisor                 | Malaysia      |
| Twitch                      | Malaysia      |
| U.S. News                   | Malaysia      |
| VIKI                        | Malaysia      |
| WeGo                        | Malaysia      |
| Yahoo                       | Malaysia      |
| Zalora                      | Malaysia      |
| ABS CBN                     | Philippines   |
| BBC                         | Philippines   |
| Bloomberg                   | Philippines   |
| CBS Interactive             | Philippines   |
| CNBC                        | Philippines   |
| CNN International           | Philippines   |
| Conde Nast                  | Philippines   |
| EA                          | Philippines   |
| Gameloft                    | Philippines   |
| iFlix                       | Philippines   |
| MSN                         | Philippines   |
| Rappler                     | Philippines   |
| Spin.ph                     | Philippines   |
| The Inquirer                | Philippines   |
| The Philippine Star         | Philippines   |
| Time Inc                    | Philippines   |
| TimeOut                     | Philippines   |
| Tripadvisor                 | Philippines   |
| U.S. News                   | Philippines   |
| VIKI                        | Philippines   |
| WeGo                        | Philippines   |
| Yahoo                       | Philippines   |
| 24H                         | SEA           |
| ABS CBN                     | SEA           |
| Astro                       | SEA           |
| Astro Gempak                | SEA           |
| Bangkok Post                | SEA           |
| BBC                         | SEA           |
| BBTV                        | SEA           |
| Bloomberg                   | SEA           |
| Bola                        | SEA           |
| Brilio                      | SEA           |
| Carousell                   | SEA           |
| CBS Interactive             | SEA           |
| China Press                 | SEA           |
| CNBC                        | SEA           |
| CNN International           | SEA           |
| Coconuts                    | SEA           |
| Conde Nast                  | SEA           |
| DAZN (Perform Media)        | SEA           |
| Dek-D                       | SEA           |
| Detik                       | SEA           |
| Doisongphapluat             | SEA           |
| Dream                       | SEA           |
| EA                          | SEA           |
| Gameloft                    | SEA           |
| HOOQ                        | SEA           |
| Idntimes                    | SEA           |
| iFlix                       | SEA           |
| Investopedia                | SEA           |
| Jakarta Post                | SEA           |
| Kapanlagi                   | SEA           |
| Kapook                      | SEA           |
| Kaskus                      | SEA           |
| Kompas                      | SEA           |
| Line Today                  | SEA           |
| Line TV                     | SEA           |
| Liputan6                    | SEA           |
| Malay Mail Online           | SEA           |
| Malaysiakini                | SEA           |
| Media Prima                 | SEA           |
| Merdeka                     | SEA           |
| MSN                         | SEA           |
| Mthai                       | SEA           |
| New York Times              | SEA           |
| Oona                        | SEA           |
| PPTV TH                     | SEA           |
| Rappler                     | SEA           |
| Sanook                      | SEA           |
| SethLui                     | SEA           |
| Siam Sport                  | SEA           |
| Sinar Harian                | SEA           |
| SMX                         | SEA           |
| Spin.ph                     | SEA           |
| Spotify                     | SEA           |
| Star Media Group            | SEA           |
| Tempo.co                    | SEA           |
| The Asian Parent - Malaysia | SEA           |
| The Inquirer                | SEA           |
| The Philippine Star         | SEA           |
| The Straits Times           | SEA           |
| The Thao                    | SEA           |
| Thomson Reuters             | SEA           |
| Time Inc                    | SEA           |
| TimeOut                     | SEA           |
| Tonton                      | SEA           |
| Tribun News                 | SEA           |
| Tripadvisor                 | SEA           |
| TrueID                      | SEA           |
| TVB Anywhere+               | SEA           |
| Twitch                      | SEA           |
| U.S. News                   | SEA           |
| Vidio                       | SEA           |
| VIKI                        | SEA           |
| VIU                         | SEA           |
| Viva.co.id                  | SEA           |
| VNExpress                   | SEA           |
| VNG                         | SEA           |
| WeGo                        | SEA           |
| Wow Keren                   | SEA           |
| Yahoo                       | SEA           |
| Yan.vn                      | SEA           |
| Zalora                      | SEA           |
| Zing.vn                     | SEA           |
| BBC                         | Singapore     |
| Bloomberg                   | Singapore     |
| Carousell                   | Singapore     |
| CBS Interactive             | Singapore     |
| CNBC                        | Singapore     |
| CNN International           | Singapore     |
| Conde Nast                  | Singapore     |
| DAZN (Perform Media)        | Singapore     |
| EA                          | Singapore     |
| Gameloft                    | Singapore     |
| Investopedia                | Singapore     |
| MSN                         | Singapore     |
| SethLui                     | Singapore     |
| SMX                         | Singapore     |
| Spotify                     | Singapore     |
| The Straits Times           | Singapore     |
| Thomson Reuters             | Singapore     |
| Time Inc                    | Singapore     |
| TimeOut                     | Singapore     |
| Tripadvisor                 | Singapore     |
| TVB Anywhere+               | Singapore     |
| U.S. News                   | Singapore     |
| VIKI                        | Singapore     |
| VIU                         | Singapore     |
| WeGo                        | Singapore     |
| Yahoo                       | Singapore     |
| BBC                         | South Korea   |
| Bloomberg                   | South Korea   |
| CNN International           | South Korea   |
| Conde Nast                  | South Korea   |
| EA                          | South Korea   |
| Gameloft                    | South Korea   |
| MSN                         | South Korea   |
| U.S. News                   | South Korea   |
| Viki                        | South Korea   |
| Vung                        | South Korea   |
| Apple Daily                 | Taiwan        |
| BBC                         | Taiwan        |
| Bloomberg                   | Taiwan        |
| Conde Nast                  | Taiwan        |
| Digital Trends              | Taiwan        |
| Ettoday                     | Taiwan        |
| Gameloft                    | Taiwan        |
| MSN                         | Taiwan        |
| Tripadvisor                 | Taiwan        |
| Twitch                      | Taiwan        |
| U.S. News                   | Taiwan        |
| Vidol.tv                    | Taiwan        |
| Viki                        | Taiwan        |
| Yahoo                       | Taiwan        |
| Bangkok Post                | Thailand      |
| BBC                         | Thailand      |
| BBTV                        | Thailand      |
| Bloomberg                   | Thailand      |
| CBS Interactive             | Thailand      |
| CNBC                        | Thailand      |
| CNN International           | Thailand      |
| Conde Nast                  | Thailand      |
| Dek-D                       | Thailand      |
| Digital Trends              | Thailand      |
| EA                          | Thailand      |
| Gameloft                    | Thailand      |
| iFlix                       | Thailand      |
| Kapook                      | Thailand      |
| Line TV                     | Thailand      |
| MSN                         | Thailand      |
| Mthai                       | Thailand      |
| PPTV TH                     | Thailand      |
| Sanook                      | Thailand      |
| Siam Sport                  | Thailand      |
| Time Inc                    | Thailand      |
| TimeOut                     | Thailand      |
| Tripadvisor                 | Thailand      |
| TrueID                      | Thailand      |
| Twitch                      | Thailand      |
| U.S. News                   | Thailand      |
| VIKI                        | Thailand      |
| VIU                         | Thailand      |
| WeGo                        | Thailand      |
| Yahoo                       | Thailand      |
| 24H                         | Vietnam       |
| BBC                         | Vietnam       |
| Bloomberg                   | Vietnam       |
| CBS Interactive             | Vietnam       |
| CNBC                        | Vietnam       |
| CNN International           | Vietnam       |
| Coccoc                      | Vietnam       |
| Conde Nast                  | Vietnam       |
| Doisongphapluat             | Vietnam       |
| EA                          | Vietnam       |
| MSN                         | Vietnam       |
| The Thao                    | Vietnam       |
| Time Inc                    | Vietnam       |
| TimeOut                     | Vietnam       |
| Tripadvisor                 | Vietnam       |
| U.S. News                   | Vietnam       |
| VIKI                        | Vietnam       |
| VNExpress                   | Vietnam       |
| VNG                         | Vietnam       |
| WeGo                        | Vietnam       |
| Yahoo                       | Vietnam       |
| Yan.vn                      | Vietnam       |
| Zing.vn                     | Vietnam       |

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About On Demand Premium Inventory](on-demand-inventory-about.md)
>* [Subscribe and Request Access to On Demand Premium Inventory](on-demand-inventory-subscribe.md)
>* [On Demand Premium Inventory Publishers in Australia and New Zealand](on-demand-inventory-publishers-anz.md)
>* [On Demand Premium Inventory Publishers in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa](on-demand-inventory-publishers-emea.md)
>* [On Demand Premium Inventory Publishers in North America](on-demand-inventory-publishers-na.md)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/inventory/on-demand-inventory-publishers-apac.md, after:

---
title: On Demand Premium Inventory Publishers in Asia Pacific
description: See the available On Demand premium inventory publishers in the Asia Pacific region.
feature: inventory, On Demand inventory
exl-id: dda5f9fb-2efb-475b-9219-dfa6294f3e01
---
# On Demand Premium Inventory Publishers in Asia Pacific{#on-demand-inventory-publishers-apac}

<!-- get from Amanda Cabrera <acabrera@adobe.com> -->

| Publisher                   | Geo           |
|-----------------------------|---------------|
| BBC                         | Greater China |
| Bloomberg                   | Greater China |
| CBS Interactive             | Greater China |
| CNN International           | Greater China |
| Conde Nast                  | Greater China |
| EA                          | Greater China |
| Gameloft                    | Greater China |
| MSN                         | Greater China |
| Tripadvisor                 | Greater China |
| U.S. News                   | Greater China |
| UDN                         | Greater China |
| Vidol.tv                    | Greater China |
| Vungle                      | Greater China |
| Yahoo! Taiwan               | Greater China |
| BBC                         | Hong Kong      |
| Bloomberg                   | Hong Kong      |
| CBS Interactive             | Hong Kong      |
| CNN International           | Hong Kong      |
| Conde Nast                  | Hong Kong      |
| Gameloft                    | Hong Kong      |
| MSN                         | Hong Kong      |
| Tripadvisor                 | Hong Kong      |
| U.S. News                   | Hong Kong      |
| Viki                        | Hong Kong      |
| Viu                         | Hong Kong      |
| Yahoo                       | Hong Kong      |
| Asianetnews                 | India         |
| BBC                         | India         |
| Bloomberg                   | India         |
| CBS Interactive             | India         |
| CNN International           | India         |
| Conde Nast                  | India         |
| DNA                         | India         |
| EA                          | India         |
| Gaana                       | India         |
| Gameloft                    | India         |
| HT Digital                  | India         |
| JioSaavn                    | India         |
| MSN                         | India         |
| Network 18                  | India         |
| ScoopWhoop                  | India         |
| SonyLIV                     | India         |
| Sportskeeda                 | India         |
| Spotify                     | India         |
| The Indian Express          | India         |
| Times Internet              | India         |
| Times of India              | India         |
| U.S. News                   | India         |
| VIKI                        | India         |
| Yahoo                       | India         |
| Zee News                    | India         |
| Zee5                        | India         |
| BBC                         | Indonesia     |
| Bloomberg                   | Indonesia     |
| Bola                        | Indonesia     |
| Brilio                      | Indonesia     |
| CBS Interactive             | Indonesia     |
| CNBC                        | Indonesia     |
| CNN International           | Indonesia     |
| Conde Nast                  | Indonesia     |
| DAZN (Perform Media)        | Indonesia     |
| Detik                       | Indonesia     |
| Dream                       | Indonesia     |
| EA                          | Indonesia     |
| Gameloft                    | Indonesia     |
| HOOQ                        | Indonesia     |
| Idntimes                    | Indonesia     |
| iFlix                       | Indonesia     |
| Jakarta Post                | Indonesia     |
| Kapanlagi                   | Indonesia     |
| Kaskus                      | Indonesia     |
| Kompas                      | Indonesia     |
| Line Today                  | Indonesia     |
| Liputan6                    | Indonesia     |
| Merdeka                     | Indonesia     |
| MSN                         | Indonesia     |
| Oona                        | Indonesia     |
| TEMPO.CO                    | Indonesia     |
| Time Inc                    | Indonesia     |
| TimeOut                     | Indonesia     |
| Tribun News                 | Indonesia     |
| Tripadvisor                 | Indonesia     |
| U.S. News                   | Indonesia     |
| Vidio                       | Indonesia     |
| VIKI                        | Indonesia     |
| Viu                         | Indonesia     |
| Viva.co.id                  | Indonesia     |
| WeGo                        | Indonesia     |
| Wow Keren                   | Indonesia     |
| Yahoo                       | Indonesia     |
| Zalora                      | Indonesia     |
| All About Japan             | Japan         |
| Asahi                       | Japan         |
| BBC                         | Japan         |
| Bloomberg                   | Japan         |
| BuzzFeed                    | Japan         |
| CNN International           | Japan         |
| Conde Nast                  | Japan         |
| DAZN (Perform Media)        | Japan         |
| Discovery                   | Japan         |
| EA                          | Japan         |
| Gameloft                    | Japan         |
| GDO                         | Japan         |
| MSN                         | Japan         |
| President Online            | Japan         |
| Sankei iZa                  | Japan         |
| SankeiBiz                   | Japan         |
| Spacekey                    | Japan         |
| Spotify                     | Japan         |
| Tabelog                     | Japan         |
| The Japan Times             | Japan         |
| Toyokeizai                  | Japan         |
| U.S. News                   | Japan         |
| VIKI                        | Japan         |
| Astro                       | Malaysia      |
| Astro Gempak                | Malaysia      |
| BBC                         | Malaysia      |
| Bloomberg                   | Malaysia      |
| CBS Interactive             | Malaysia      |
| China Press                 | Malaysia      |
| CNBC                        | Malaysia      |
| CNN International           | Malaysia      |
| Conde Nast                  | Malaysia      |
| DAZN (Perform Media)        | Malaysia      |
| Digital Trends              | Malaysia      |
| EA                          | Malaysia      |
| Gameloft                    | Malaysia      |
| iFlix                       | Malaysia      |
| Investopedia                | Malaysia      |
| Malay Mail Online           | Malaysia      |
| Malaysiakini                | Malaysia      |
| Media Prima                 | Malaysia      |
| MSN                         | Malaysia      |
| Sinar Harian                | Malaysia      |
| Star Media Group            | Malaysia      |
| The Asian Parent - Malaysia | Malaysia      |
| Thomson Reuters             | Malaysia      |
| Time Inc                    | Malaysia      |
| TimeOut                     | Malaysia      |
| Tonton                      | Malaysia      |
| Tripadvisor                 | Malaysia      |
| Twitch                      | Malaysia      |
| U.S. News                   | Malaysia      |
| VIKI                        | Malaysia      |
| WeGo                        | Malaysia      |
| Yahoo                       | Malaysia      |
| Zalora                      | Malaysia      |
| ABS CBN                     | Philippines   |
| BBC                         | Philippines   |
| Bloomberg                   | Philippines   |
| CBS Interactive             | Philippines   |
| CNBC                        | Philippines   |
| CNN International           | Philippines   |
| Conde Nast                  | Philippines   |
| EA                          | Philippines   |
| Gameloft                    | Philippines   |
| iFlix                       | Philippines   |
| MSN                         | Philippines   |
| Rappler                     | Philippines   |
| Spin.ph                     | Philippines   |
| The Inquirer                | Philippines   |
| The Philippine Star         | Philippines   |
| Time Inc                    | Philippines   |
| TimeOut                     | Philippines   |
| Tripadvisor                 | Philippines   |
| U.S. News                   | Philippines   |
| VIKI                        | Philippines   |
| WeGo                        | Philippines   |
| Yahoo                       | Philippines   |
| 24H                         | SEA           |
| ABS CBN                     | SEA           |
| Astro                       | SEA           |
| Astro Gempak                | SEA           |
| Bangkok Post                | SEA           |
| BBC                         | SEA           |
| BBTV                        | SEA           |
| Bloomberg                   | SEA           |
| Bola                        | SEA           |
| Brilio                      | SEA           |
| Carousell                   | SEA           |
| CBS Interactive             | SEA           |
| China Press                 | SEA           |
| CNBC                        | SEA           |
| CNN International           | SEA           |
| Coconuts                    | SEA           |
| Conde Nast                  | SEA           |
| DAZN (Perform Media)        | SEA           |
| Dek-D                       | SEA           |
| Detik                       | SEA           |
| Doisongphapluat             | SEA           |
| Dream                       | SEA           |
| EA                          | SEA           |
| Gameloft                    | SEA           |
| HOOQ                        | SEA           |
| Idntimes                    | SEA           |
| iFlix                       | SEA           |
| Investopedia                | SEA           |
| Jakarta Post                | SEA           |
| Kapanlagi                   | SEA           |
| Kapook                      | SEA           |
| Kaskus                      | SEA           |
| Kompas                      | SEA           |
| Line Today                  | SEA           |
| Line TV                     | SEA           |
| Liputan6                    | SEA           |
| Malay Mail Online           | SEA           |
| Malaysiakini                | SEA           |
| Media Prima                 | SEA           |
| Merdeka                     | SEA           |
| MSN                         | SEA           |
| Mthai                       | SEA           |
| New York Times              | SEA           |
| Oona                        | SEA           |
| PPTV TH                     | SEA           |
| Rappler                     | SEA           |
| Sanook                      | SEA           |
| SethLui                     | SEA           |
| Siam Sport                  | SEA           |
| Sinar Harian                | SEA           |
| SMX                         | SEA           |
| Spin.ph                     | SEA           |
| Spotify                     | SEA           |
| Star Media Group            | SEA           |
| Tempo.co                    | SEA           |
| The Asian Parent - Malaysia | SEA           |
| The Inquirer                | SEA           |
| The Philippine Star         | SEA           |
| The Straits Times           | SEA           |
| The Thao                    | SEA           |
| Thomson Reuters             | SEA           |
| Time Inc                    | SEA           |
| TimeOut                     | SEA           |
| Tonton                      | SEA           |
| Tribun News                 | SEA           |
| Tripadvisor                 | SEA           |
| TrueID                      | SEA           |
| TVB Anywhere+               | SEA           |
| Twitch                      | SEA           |
| U.S. News                   | SEA           |
| Vidio                       | SEA           |
| VIKI                        | SEA           |
| VIU                         | SEA           |
| Viva.co.id                  | SEA           |
| VNExpress                   | SEA           |
| VNG                         | SEA           |
| WeGo                        | SEA           |
| Wow Keren                   | SEA           |
| Yahoo                       | SEA           |
| Yan.vn                      | SEA           |
| Zalora                      | SEA           |
| Zing.vn                     | SEA           |
| BBC                         | Singapore     |
| Bloomberg                   | Singapore     |
| Carousell                   | Singapore     |
| CBS Interactive             | Singapore     |
| CNBC                        | Singapore     |
| CNN International           | Singapore     |
| Conde Nast                  | Singapore     |
| DAZN (Perform Media)        | Singapore     |
| EA                          | Singapore     |
| Gameloft                    | Singapore     |
| Investopedia                | Singapore     |
| MSN                         | Singapore     |
| SethLui                     | Singapore     |
| SMX                         | Singapore     |
| Spotify                     | Singapore     |
| The Straits Times           | Singapore     |
| Thomson Reuters             | Singapore     |
| Time Inc                    | Singapore     |
| TimeOut                     | Singapore     |
| Tripadvisor                 | Singapore     |
| TVB Anywhere+               | Singapore     |
| U.S. News                   | Singapore     |
| VIKI                        | Singapore     |
| VIU                         | Singapore     |
| WeGo                        | Singapore     |
| Yahoo                       | Singapore     |
| BBC                         | South Korea   |
| Bloomberg                   | South Korea   |
| CNN International           | South Korea   |
| Conde Nast                  | South Korea   |
| EA                          | South Korea   |
| Gameloft                    | South Korea   |
| MSN                         | South Korea   |
| U.S. News                   | South Korea   |
| Viki                        | South Korea   |
| Vung                        | South Korea   |
| Apple Daily                 | Taiwan        |
| BBC                         | Taiwan        |
| Bloomberg                   | Taiwan        |
| Conde Nast                  | Taiwan        |
| Digital Trends              | Taiwan        |
| Ettoday                     | Taiwan        |
| Gameloft                    | Taiwan        |
| MSN                         | Taiwan        |
| Tripadvisor                 | Taiwan        |
| Twitch                      | Taiwan        |
| U.S. News                   | Taiwan        |
| Vidol.tv                    | Taiwan        |
| Viki                        | Taiwan        |
| Yahoo                       | Taiwan        |
| Bangkok Post                | Thailand      |
| BBC                         | Thailand      |
| BBTV                        | Thailand      |
| Bloomberg                   | Thailand      |
| CBS Interactive             | Thailand      |
| CNBC                        | Thailand      |
| CNN International           | Thailand      |
| Conde Nast                  | Thailand      |
| Dek-D                       | Thailand      |
| Digital Trends              | Thailand      |
| EA                          | Thailand      |
| Gameloft                    | Thailand      |
| iFlix                       | Thailand      |
| Kapook                      | Thailand      |
| Line TV                     | Thailand      |
| MSN                         | Thailand      |
| Mthai                       | Thailand      |
| PPTV TH                     | Thailand      |
| Sanook                      | Thailand      |
| Siam Sport                  | Thailand      |
| Time Inc                    | Thailand      |
| TimeOut                     | Thailand      |
| Tripadvisor                 | Thailand      |
| TrueID                      | Thailand      |
| Twitch                      | Thailand      |
| U.S. News                   | Thailand      |
| VIKI                        | Thailand      |
| VIU                         | Thailand      |
| WeGo                        | Thailand      |
| Yahoo                       | Thailand      |
| 24H                         | Vietnam       |
| BBC                         | Vietnam       |
| Bloomberg                   | Vietnam       |
| CBS Interactive             | Vietnam       |
| CNBC                        | Vietnam       |
| CNN International           | Vietnam       |
| Coccoc                      | Vietnam       |
| Conde Nast                  | Vietnam       |
| Doisongphapluat             | Vietnam       |
| EA                          | Vietnam       |
| MSN                         | Vietnam       |
| The Thao                    | Vietnam       |
| Time Inc                    | Vietnam       |
| TimeOut                     | Vietnam       |
| Tripadvisor                 | Vietnam       |
| U.S. News                   | Vietnam       |
| VIKI                        | Vietnam       |
| VNExpress                   | Vietnam       |
| VNG                         | Vietnam       |
| WeGo                        | Vietnam       |
| Yahoo                       | Vietnam       |
| Yan.vn                      | Vietnam       |
| Zing.vn                     | Vietnam       |

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About On Demand Premium Inventory](on-demand-inventory-about.md)
>* [Subscribe and Request Access to On Demand Premium Inventory](on-demand-inventory-subscribe.md)
>* [On Demand Premium Inventory Publishers in Australia and New Zealand](on-demand-inventory-publishers-anz.md)
>* [On Demand Premium Inventory Publishers in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa](on-demand-inventory-publishers-emea.md)
>* [On Demand Premium Inventory Publishers in North America](on-demand-inventory-publishers-na.md)
