help/dsp/inventory/on-demand-inventory-rerequest.md, before:

---
title: Re-Request On Demand Premium Inventory Deals
description: Re-Request On Demand Premium Inventory Deals
exl-id: db5a5708-16e3-4304-8bd0-f1aa8ecd0e3c
---
# Re-Request On Demand Premium Inventory Deals

*Not available to users with the account types Ad Network, Publisher Audience Extension, and Other; advertisers with the category Other; and resellers*

You can re-request On Demand Inventory deals for which you were denied, including deals from a publisher to which you're subscribed. Follow these steps to make sure that all applicable account settings are correct before you submit a new request.

If a deal isn't approved after you re-request it, contact your Adobe account manager to see if the publisher has additional restrictions that prohibit your account from accessing the deal.

Once a deal is [approved](/help/dsp/inventory/on-demand-inventory-view-status.md), it's included by default as a target for new placements that target all On Demand Inventory. The new deal is also available as a target for existing placements, but you need to manually edit the placement settings to add the deal as a target.

1. Confirm with your Adobe account manager that the Account Type for your organization's DSP account is correct.

1. Confirm that the advertiser category for the applicable advertiser account is correct:

    1. In the main menu, click **Settings > Advertisers.**

    1. Hold the cursor over the advertiser row and click **Edit**.

    1. Check the selected Category.
    
       Advertisers categorized as "Other" aren't eligible for On Demand Inventory. If the category is "Other" and it should be something else, select the appropriate category<!-- [category](/help/dsp/admin/advertiser-settings.md) -->.

1. Re-request the inventory:

    1. In the main menu, click **Inventory > On Demand**.

    1. Filter the available deals to include deals you've requested (**Currently subscribed to**)**.

    1. (Optional) Switch between the Subscription view, which shows the logos of all publishers based on your filters, and the Deal view, which lists all deals for each publisher based on your filters, by clicking **Subscription view** and **Deal view**, as needed.

    1. Re-request the individual deals:

      * From the Deal view, click **Rerequest** in the Action column for the relevant row.

      * From the Subscription view:

        1. Hold the cursor over the publisher logo, and then click **See Deals**.

        1. Click **Rerequest** in the Action column for the relevant row.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About On Demand Premium Inventory](on-demand-inventory-about.md)
>* [View the Status of Your On Demand Deal Requests and Subscriptions](on-demand-inventory-view-status.md)
>* [Subscribe and Request Access to On Demand Premium Inventory](on-demand-inventory-subscribe.md)
>* [On Demand Premium Inventory Publishers in Asia Pacific](on-demand-inventory-publishers-apac.md)
>* [On Demand Premium Inventory Publishers in Australia and New Zealand](on-demand-inventory-publishers-anz.md)
>* [On Demand Premium Inventory Publishers in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa](on-demand-inventory-publishers-emea.md)
>* [On Demand Premium Inventory Publishers in North America](on-demand-inventory-publishers-na.md)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/inventory/on-demand-inventory-rerequest.md, after:

---
title: Re-Request On Demand Premium Inventory Deals
description: Learn how to re-request On Demand deals that were previously denied.
feature: inventory, On Demand inventory
exl-id: db5a5708-16e3-4304-8bd0-f1aa8ecd0e3c
---
# Re-Request On Demand Premium Inventory Deals

*Not available to users with the account types Ad Network, Publisher Audience Extension, and Other; advertisers with the category Other; and resellers*

You can re-request On Demand Inventory deals for which you were denied, including deals from a publisher to which you're subscribed. Follow these steps to make sure that all applicable account settings are correct before you submit a new request.

If a deal isn't approved after you re-request it, contact your Adobe account manager to see if the publisher has additional restrictions that prohibit your account from accessing the deal.

Once a deal is [approved](/help/dsp/inventory/on-demand-inventory-view-status.md), it's included by default as a target for new placements that target all On Demand Inventory. The new deal is also available as a target for existing placements, but you need to manually edit the placement settings to add the deal as a target.

1. Confirm with your Adobe account manager that the Account Type for your organization's DSP account is correct.

1. Confirm that the advertiser category for the applicable advertiser account is correct:

    1. In the main menu, click **Settings > Advertisers.**

    1. Hold the cursor over the advertiser row and click **Edit**.

    1. Check the selected Category.
    
       Advertisers categorized as "Other" aren't eligible for On Demand Inventory. If the category is "Other" and it should be something else, select the appropriate category<!-- [category](/help/dsp/admin/advertiser-settings.md) -->.

1. Re-request the inventory:

    1. In the main menu, click **Inventory > On Demand**.

    1. Filter the available deals to include deals you've requested (**Currently subscribed to**)**.

    1. (Optional) Switch between the Subscription view, which shows the logos of all publishers based on your filters, and the Deal view, which lists all deals for each publisher based on your filters, by clicking **Subscription view** and **Deal view**, as needed.

    1. Re-request the individual deals:

      * From the Deal view, click **Rerequest** in the Action column for the relevant row.

      * From the Subscription view:

        1. Hold the cursor over the publisher logo, and then click **See Deals**.

        1. Click **Rerequest** in the Action column for the relevant row.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About On Demand Premium Inventory](on-demand-inventory-about.md)
>* [View the Status of Your On Demand Deal Requests and Subscriptions](on-demand-inventory-view-status.md)
>* [Subscribe and Request Access to On Demand Premium Inventory](on-demand-inventory-subscribe.md)
>* [On Demand Premium Inventory Publishers in Asia Pacific](on-demand-inventory-publishers-apac.md)
>* [On Demand Premium Inventory Publishers in Australia and New Zealand](on-demand-inventory-publishers-anz.md)
>* [On Demand Premium Inventory Publishers in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa](on-demand-inventory-publishers-emea.md)
>* [On Demand Premium Inventory Publishers in North America](on-demand-inventory-publishers-na.md)
