help/dsp/inventory/programmatic-guaranteed-tips.md, before:

---
title: Tips for Negotiating a Programmatic Guaranteed Deal
description: Tips for Negotiating a Programmatic Guaranteed Deal
exl-id: b754f993-b52f-4527-a246-bf232038c7cd
---
# Tips for Negotiating a Programmatic Guaranteed Deal

When negotiating a programmatic guaranteed deal, the buyer and publisher need to discuss and confirm the following items:

* Flight date
* Geos
* Inventory types
* Creative lengths
* Display sizes
* Performance goals
* Brand safety requirements
* Target audience
* Impressions
* Budget
* CPM
* Frequency
* Dayparting
* Activation process

## Buyer Responsibilities for a Programmatic Guaranteed Deal

* Deal setup and activation
* Creation of a programmatic guaranteed placement
* Troubleshooting
* Delivery monitoring
* Executing a 95%-100% bid/response rate

## Publisher Responsibilities for a Programmatic Guaranteed Deal

* Delivery of the negotiated budget, impressions, CPM, geos, audience, frequency, and dayparting within the required flight dates
* Meeting the KPI and brand safety requirements within the required flight dates
* Troubleshooting

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About Programmatic Guaranteed Deals](programmatic-guaranteed-about.md)
>* [Set up a Programmatic Guaranteed Deal](programmatic-guaranteed-set-up.md)
>* [SSP Partners](ssp-partners.md)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/inventory/programmatic-guaranteed-tips.md, after:

---
title: Tips for Negotiating a Programmatic Guaranteed Deal
description: Learn tips for negotiating a programmatic guaranteed (PG) deal and lists of the buyer and publisher responsibilities.
feature: inventory, deal IDs, programmatic guaranteed deals
exl-id: b754f993-b52f-4527-a246-bf232038c7cd
---
# Tips for Negotiating a Programmatic Guaranteed Deal

When negotiating a programmatic guaranteed deal, the buyer and publisher need to discuss and confirm the following items:

* Flight date
* Geos
* Inventory types
* Creative lengths
* Display sizes
* Performance goals
* Brand safety requirements
* Target audience
* Impressions
* Budget
* CPM
* Frequency
* Dayparting
* Activation process

## Buyer Responsibilities for a Programmatic Guaranteed Deal

* Deal setup and activation
* Creation of a programmatic guaranteed placement
* Troubleshooting
* Delivery monitoring
* Executing a 95%-100% bid/response rate

## Publisher Responsibilities for a Programmatic Guaranteed Deal

* Delivery of the negotiated budget, impressions, CPM, geos, audience, frequency, and dayparting within the required flight dates
* Meeting the KPI and brand safety requirements within the required flight dates
* Troubleshooting

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About Programmatic Guaranteed Deals](programmatic-guaranteed-about.md)
>* [Set up a Programmatic Guaranteed Deal](programmatic-guaranteed-set-up.md)
>* [SSP Partners](ssp-partners.md)
