help/dsp/inventory/programmatic-guaranteed-about.md, before:

---
title: About Programmatic Guaranteed Deals
description: About Programmatic Guaranteed Deals
exl-id: 8cf85ae3-027d-4d9d-95a0-ac39d651627a
---
# About Programmatic Guaranteed Deals

A programmatic guaranteed (PG) deal is a guaranteed buy directly with a publisher via a deal ID (rather than via ad server tags). PG is more flexible for you and your publisher to manage, and it provides more transparency than regular tag buys. Billing and reporting are consolidated through Advertising Cloud DSP, which saves you time.

## Features of a PG Deal

* The deal is always billed through DSP.
* The deal has a fixed price and quantity.
* The publisher or supply side platform (SSP) handles all budget pacing, budget capping, and any targeting.
* Typically, the deal has a higher priority in publisher’s ad server
* Bid requests aren't exclusive to a single deal or buyer.
* Multiple types of video are supported on a single deal ID.
* The SSPs and publishers have delivery SLAs.

PG deals require a PG default placement and ads so DSP can return a request to each bid request and fulfill delivery SLAs with the SSPs. Once you set up the mandatory PG default placement, you can also target the PG deal in other placements.

## SSPs Certified for PG Deals in DSP

* Ambient Digital
* FreeWheel
* Google Authorized Buyers
* OpenX
* Rubicon
* SpotX
* Telaria

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [Tips for Negotiating a Programmatic Guaranteed Deal](/help/dsp/inventory/programmatic-guaranteed-tips.md)
>* [Set up a Programmatic Guaranteed Deal](programmatic-guaranteed-set-up.md)
>* [SSP Partners](ssp-partners.md)
>* [Overview of Inventory Features](inventory-overview.md)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/inventory/programmatic-guaranteed-about.md, after:

---
title: About Programmatic Guaranteed Deals
description: Learn about programmatic guaranteed (PG) deals and which SSPs are certified to provide them.
feature: inventory, deal IDs, programmatic guaranteed deals
exl-id: 8cf85ae3-027d-4d9d-95a0-ac39d651627a
---
# About Programmatic Guaranteed Deals

A programmatic guaranteed (PG) deal is a guaranteed buy directly with a publisher via a deal ID (rather than via ad server tags). PG is more flexible for you and your publisher to manage, and it provides more transparency than regular tag buys. Billing and reporting are consolidated through Advertising Cloud DSP, which saves you time.

## Features of a PG Deal

* The deal is always billed through DSP.
* The deal has a fixed price and quantity.
* The publisher or supply side platform (SSP) handles all budget pacing, budget capping, and any targeting.
* Typically, the deal has a higher priority in publisher’s ad server
* Bid requests aren't exclusive to a single deal or buyer.
* Multiple types of video are supported on a single deal ID.
* The SSPs and publishers have delivery SLAs.

PG deals require a PG default placement and ads so DSP can return a request to each bid request and fulfill delivery SLAs with the SSPs. Once you set up the mandatory PG default placement, you can also target the PG deal in other placements.

## SSPs Certified for PG Deals in DSP

* Ambient Digital
* FreeWheel
* Google Authorized Buyers
* OpenX
* Rubicon
* SpotX
* Telaria

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [Tips for Negotiating a Programmatic Guaranteed Deal](/help/dsp/inventory/programmatic-guaranteed-tips.md)
>* [Set up a Programmatic Guaranteed Deal](programmatic-guaranteed-set-up.md)
>* [SSP Partners](ssp-partners.md)
>* [Overview of Inventory Features](inventory-overview.md)
