help/dsp/campaign-management/ads/ad-attach-to-placement.md, before:

---
title: Attach an Ad to a Placement
description: Attach an Ad to a Placement
exl-id: 4d85b89b-217f-46eb-a8b2-27da4c220be7,bca590c9-e0d0-41e6-96b1-26ea5b2f842f
---
# Attach an Ad to a Placement

## Attach a New Ad from the Ads View

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Click the name of the campaign.
1. In the submenu, click **Ads**.
1. Next to the ad name, click  **... > Add to Placements**.
1. In the Place Ad screen, do either of the following:
    * To create a new placement for the ad:
        1. Click **Create New Placement**.
        1. Enter the [placement settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/placements/placement-settings.md), and then click **Create Placement**.
    * To add the ad to one or more existing placements:
        1. Click **Select a Placement.**
        1. Do either of the following:
            * To add one ad at a time:
                1. Next to the ad name, click **Select.**
                1. (Optional) For each additional ad you want to attach, click **Attach to Other Placement**. Next to the ad name, click **Select.**
            * To attach the ad to up to 20 placements at a time:
                1. Select the check box next to **Bulk Select."
                1. Select the check box next to each placement to which to attach the ad.
                1. Click **Attach**.
        1. On the Complete & Review tab, select one of the following:
            * To return to the Ads view, click **I'm done for now**.
            * To attach the ad to another placement, click **Attach To Other Placement**.

## Attach a New or Existing Ad from the Placements View

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Click the name of the campaign.
1. In the submenu, click **Placements**.
1. Next to the placement name, click  **... > Attach Ads.**
1. In the Add Ad to Placement screen, do either of the following:
    * To create a new ad:
        1. Click **Create a New Ad**.
        1. Enter the ad settings for [audio ads](ad-settings-audio.md), [connected TV](ad-settings-connected-tv.md), [display ads](ad-settings-display.md),[mobile ads](ad-settings-mobile.md), [native ads](ad-settings-native.md), or [pre-roll ads](ad-settings-pre-roll.md).
        1. Click **Save & Submit for Review**.
        
             The [ad review](ad-about.md) for the new ad takes 24-48 hours and includes checks for sensitive categories, click URL functionality, and preview rendering. The Status column indicates whether DSP has approved the ad. Broken ads may have a pending status for longer than 24-48 hours so you have time to fix errors before they're rejected.
             
             >[!NOTE]
             >
             >Your ad will only be served if both DSP and the SSP have approved the creative. Each SSP has its own approval requirements and process.

    * To select existing ads:
        1. Click **Select an Ad.**
        1. Specify the ads:
            * To add one ad at a time:
                1. Next to the ad name, click **Select.**
                1. (Optional) For each additional ad you want to attach, click **Add Another Ad**. Next to the ad name, click **Select.**
            * To add up to 20 ads at a time:
                1. Select the check box next to **Bulk Select**."
                1. Select the check box next to each ad to add.
                1. Click **Attach**.
        1. (Optional) To override the default flight period and ad rotation for specific ads in the placement:
            1. Click **Custom Schedule Ads**.
            1. Do any of the following:
               * To add a flight, click **Add Flight**, and then specify the start date and end date.
               * To add an existing flight to an ad, click **+** in the ad row for the flight column.
               * To remove an existing flight from an ad, click **x** in the ad row for the flight column.
               * (When multiple ads have the same flight) To rotate the ads unevenly, click **Even Rotation** in the flight information, and then enter the relative weight by which to rotate each ad, as a percentage.
                  The total weights must equal 100.
            1. In the upper right, click **Continue**.
            1. Review the flight details, and then click **Save & Finish**.
        1. Click **I'm done for now**.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About Ad Management](ad-about.md)
>* [Create an Ad](ad-create.md)
>* [Edit an Ad](ad-edit.md)
>* [List the Placements Associated with an Ad](ad-list-placements.md)
>* [Edit the Ad Schedule for a Placement](/help/dsp/campaign-management/placements/placement-edit-ad-schedule.md)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/campaign-management/ads/ad-attach-to-placement.md, after:

---
title: Attach an Ad to a Placement
description: Learn how to attach an ad to a placement.
feature: campaign management, ads
exl-id: 4d85b89b-217f-46eb-a8b2-27da4c220be7,bca590c9-e0d0-41e6-96b1-26ea5b2f842f
---
# Attach an Ad to a Placement

## Attach a New Ad from the Ads View

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Click the name of the campaign.
1. In the submenu, click **Ads**.
1. Next to the ad name, click  **... > Add to Placements**.
1. In the Place Ad screen, do either of the following:
    * To create a new placement for the ad:
        1. Click **Create New Placement**.
        1. Enter the [placement settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/placements/placement-settings.md), and then click **Create Placement**.
    * To add the ad to one or more existing placements:
        1. Click **Select a Placement.**
        1. Do either of the following:
            * To add one ad at a time:
                1. Next to the ad name, click **Select.**
                1. (Optional) For each additional ad you want to attach, click **Attach to Other Placement**. Next to the ad name, click **Select.**
            * To attach the ad to up to 20 placements at a time:
                1. Select the check box next to **Bulk Select."
                1. Select the check box next to each placement to which to attach the ad.
                1. Click **Attach**.
        1. On the Complete & Review tab, select one of the following:
            * To return to the Ads view, click **I'm done for now**.
            * To attach the ad to another placement, click **Attach To Other Placement**.

## Attach a New or Existing Ad from the Placements View

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Click the name of the campaign.
1. In the submenu, click **Placements**.
1. Next to the placement name, click  **... > Attach Ads.**
1. In the Add Ad to Placement screen, do either of the following:
    * To create a new ad:
        1. Click **Create a New Ad**.
        1. Enter the ad settings for [audio ads](ad-settings-audio.md), [connected TV](ad-settings-connected-tv.md), [display ads](ad-settings-display.md),[mobile ads](ad-settings-mobile.md), [native ads](ad-settings-native.md), or [pre-roll ads](ad-settings-pre-roll.md).
        1. Click **Save & Submit for Review**.
        
             The [ad review](ad-about.md) for the new ad takes 24-48 hours and includes checks for sensitive categories, click URL functionality, and preview rendering. The Status column indicates whether DSP has approved the ad. Broken ads may have a pending status for longer than 24-48 hours so you have time to fix errors before they're rejected.
             
             >[!NOTE]
             >
             >Your ad will only be served if both DSP and the SSP have approved the creative. Each SSP has its own approval requirements and process.

    * To select existing ads:
        1. Click **Select an Ad.**
        1. Specify the ads:
            * To add one ad at a time:
                1. Next to the ad name, click **Select.**
                1. (Optional) For each additional ad you want to attach, click **Add Another Ad**. Next to the ad name, click **Select.**
            * To add up to 20 ads at a time:
                1. Select the check box next to **Bulk Select**."
                1. Select the check box next to each ad to add.
                1. Click **Attach**.
        1. (Optional) To override the default flight period and ad rotation for specific ads in the placement:
            1. Click **Custom Schedule Ads**.
            1. Do any of the following:
               * To add a flight, click **Add Flight**, and then specify the start date and end date.
               * To add an existing flight to an ad, click **+** in the ad row for the flight column.
               * To remove an existing flight from an ad, click **x** in the ad row for the flight column.
               * (When multiple ads have the same flight) To rotate the ads unevenly, click **Even Rotation** in the flight information, and then enter the relative weight by which to rotate each ad, as a percentage.
                  The total weights must equal 100.
            1. In the upper right, click **Continue**.
            1. Review the flight details, and then click **Save & Finish**.
        1. Click **I'm done for now**.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About Ad Management](ad-about.md)
>* [Create an Ad](ad-create.md)
>* [Edit an Ad](ad-edit.md)
>* [List the Placements Associated with an Ad](ad-list-placements.md)
>* [Edit the Ad Schedule for a Placement](/help/dsp/campaign-management/placements/placement-edit-ad-schedule.md)
