help/dsp/campaign-management/ads/ad-archive-unarchive.md, before:

---
title: Archive or Unarchive an Ad
description: Archive or Unarchive an Ad
exl-id: f3dfc92c-e99b-4a72-9a91-65ae0d5f2419
---
# Archive or Unarchive an Ad

Hide an ad that isn't being used by archiving it. Archived ads aren't shown by default but are still available for reporting.

You can unarchive an ad to restore its previous status at any time.

## Archive an Ad

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Click the name of the campaign.
1. In the submenu, click **Ads**.
1. Next to the ad name, click  **... > Archive**.
1. In the confirmation message, click **Archive**.

>[!NOTE]
>
>To view archived ads, filter the Ads view: click ![Filter button](/help/dsp/assets/filter.png), click **Ad status** and select **Archived**, and then click **Apply.**

## Unarchive an Ad

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Click the name of the campaign.
1. In the submenu, click **Ads**.
1. Next to the ad name, click  **... > Unarchive**.
1. In the confirmation message, click **Unarchive**.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [Create an Ad](ad-create.md)
>* [Edit an Ad](ad-edit.md)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/campaign-management/ads/ad-archive-unarchive.md, after:

---
title: Archive or Unarchive an Ad
description: Learn how to archive or unarchive an ad.
feature: campaign management, ads
exl-id: f3dfc92c-e99b-4a72-9a91-65ae0d5f2419
---
# Archive or Unarchive an Ad

Hide an ad that isn't being used by archiving it. Archived ads aren't shown by default but are still available for reporting.

You can unarchive an ad to restore its previous status at any time.

## Archive an Ad

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Click the name of the campaign.
1. In the submenu, click **Ads**.
1. Next to the ad name, click  **... > Archive**.
1. In the confirmation message, click **Archive**.

>[!NOTE]
>
>To view archived ads, filter the Ads view: click ![Filter button](/help/dsp/assets/filter.png), click **Ad status** and select **Archived**, and then click **Apply.**

## Unarchive an Ad

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Click the name of the campaign.
1. In the submenu, click **Ads**.
1. Next to the ad name, click  **... > Unarchive**.
1. In the confirmation message, click **Unarchive**.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [Create an Ad](ad-create.md)
>* [Edit an Ad](ad-edit.md)
