help/dsp/campaign-management/ads/ad-create.md, before:

---
title: Create an Ad
description: Create an Ad
exl-id: d93c6a66-a5cb-4117-97e8-424422200fce
---
# Create an Ad

You can create a single first-party or third-party ad.

To create multiple third-party ads at a time, see [Create Multiple Third-party Ads](ad-create-third-party.md).

>[!NOTE]
>
>All of your settings are saved automatically, even before you submit the ad for review.

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.

1. Click the name of the campaign in which the ad will be included.

1. Above the data table, click **Create**. In the Ad Types section of the menu, click the [ad type](ad-types.md).

1. Specify the ad settings for [audio ads](ad-settings-audio.md), [connected TV](ad-settings-connected-tv.md), [display ads](ad-settings-display.md),[mobile ads](ad-settings-mobile.md), [native ads](ad-settings-native.md), or [pre-roll ads](ad-settings-pre-roll.md).:

    1. (Video and audio ads only) On the Upload or Select Creative screen, upload a raw creative asset directly into DSP, select an existing creative asset, or upload a tracking tag from a certified third-party ad serving partner.

    1. On the Options screen:

        1. On the Basics tab, specify the ad details.

        1. (Some DSP-served mobile video ad types; optional) On the Teasers tab, specify a teaser image or video asset for the ad.

        1. (DSP-served pre-roll video ads and audio ads; optional) On the Companion Banners tab, specify up to three companion banner assets for the ad.

        1. (Some DSP-served mobile and pre-roll video ads; optional) On the Overlays tab, specify overlay assets for the ad.

        1. (Optional) On the Pixel tab, specify any third-party tracking pixels you want to attach to the ad.

1. When the ad is complete, click **Save & Submit for Review**.

   The [ad review](ad-about.md) takes 24-48 hours and includes checks for sensitive categories, click URL functionality, and preview rendering. The Status column indicates whether DSP has approved the ad. Broken ads may have a pending status for longer than 24-48 hours so you have time to fix errors before they're rejected.

   >[!NOTE]
   >
   >Your ad will only be served if both DSP and the SSP have approved the creative. Each SSP has its own approval requirements and process.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About Ad Management](ad-about.md)
>* [Create Multiple Third-party Ads](ad-create-third-party.md)
>* [Edit an Ad](ad-edit.md)
>* [Available Ad Types](ad-types.md)
>* [Ad Specifications](/help/dsp/assets/ad-specs.pdf)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/campaign-management/ads/ad-create.md, after:

---
title: Create an Ad
description: Learn how to create an ad.
feature: campaign management, ads
exl-id: d93c6a66-a5cb-4117-97e8-424422200fce
---
# Create an Ad

You can create a single first-party or third-party ad.

To create multiple third-party ads at a time, see [Create Multiple Third-party Ads](ad-create-third-party.md).

>[!NOTE]
>
>All of your settings are saved automatically, even before you submit the ad for review.

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.

1. Click the name of the campaign in which the ad will be included.

1. Above the data table, click **Create**. In the Ad Types section of the menu, click the [ad type](ad-types.md).

1. Specify the ad settings for [audio ads](ad-settings-audio.md), [connected TV](ad-settings-connected-tv.md), [display ads](ad-settings-display.md),[mobile ads](ad-settings-mobile.md), [native ads](ad-settings-native.md), or [pre-roll ads](ad-settings-pre-roll.md).:

    1. (Video and audio ads only) On the Upload or Select Creative screen, upload a raw creative asset directly into DSP, select an existing creative asset, or upload a tracking tag from a certified third-party ad serving partner.

    1. On the Options screen:

        1. On the Basics tab, specify the ad details.

        1. (Some DSP-served mobile video ad types; optional) On the Teasers tab, specify a teaser image or video asset for the ad.

        1. (DSP-served pre-roll video ads and audio ads; optional) On the Companion Banners tab, specify up to three companion banner assets for the ad.

        1. (Some DSP-served mobile and pre-roll video ads; optional) On the Overlays tab, specify overlay assets for the ad.

        1. (Optional) On the Pixel tab, specify any third-party tracking pixels you want to attach to the ad.

1. When the ad is complete, click **Save & Submit for Review**.

   The [ad review](ad-about.md) takes 24-48 hours and includes checks for sensitive categories, click URL functionality, and preview rendering. The Status column indicates whether DSP has approved the ad. Broken ads may have a pending status for longer than 24-48 hours so you have time to fix errors before they're rejected.

   >[!NOTE]
   >
   >Your ad will only be served if both DSP and the SSP have approved the creative. Each SSP has its own approval requirements and process.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About Ad Management](ad-about.md)
>* [Create Multiple Third-party Ads](ad-create-third-party.md)
>* [Edit an Ad](ad-edit.md)
>* [Available Ad Types](ad-types.md)
>* [Ad Specifications](/help/dsp/assets/ad-specs.pdf)
