help/dsp/campaign-management/ads/ad-duplicate.md, before:

---
title: Duplicate an Ad
description: Duplicate an Ad
exl-id: 65c29be7-ca88-4608-bde2-5f1267d095ef
---
# Duplicate an Ad

You can duplicate an ad within the same campaign.

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Click the name of the campaign.
1. In the submenu, click **Ads**.
1. Next to the ad name, click  **... > Duplicate**.
1. Specify the new ad settings:
    1. (Optional) Change the default ad name. By default, the new ad is called "Copy of \<*original ad name*\>."
    1. (Optional) Change the ad settings for [audio ads](ad-settings-audio.md), [connected TV](ad-settings-connected-tv.md), [display ads](ad-settings-display.md),[mobile ads](ad-settings-mobile.md), [native ads](ad-settings-native.md), or [pre-roll ads](ad-settings-pre-roll.md).
1. Click **Save & Submit for Review**.

   The [ad review](ad-about.md) for the new ad takes 24-48 hours and includes checks for sensitive categories, click URL functionality, and preview rendering. The Status column indicates whether DSP has approved the ad. Broken ads may have a pending status for longer than 24-48 hours so you have time to fix errors before they're rejected.

   >[!NOTE]
   >
   >Your ad will only be served if both DSP and the SSP have approved the creative. Each SSP has its own approval requirements and process.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About Ad Management](ad-about.md)
>* [Create an Ad](ad-create.md)
>* [Create Multiple Third-party Ads](ad-create-third-party.md)
>* [Edit an Ad](ad-edit.md)
>* [Ad Specifications](/help/dsp/assets/ad-specs.pdf)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/campaign-management/ads/ad-duplicate.md, after:

---
title: Duplicate an Ad
description: Learn how to duplicate an ad.
feature: campaign management, ads
exl-id: 65c29be7-ca88-4608-bde2-5f1267d095ef
---
# Duplicate an Ad

You can duplicate an ad within the same campaign.

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Click the name of the campaign.
1. In the submenu, click **Ads**.
1. Next to the ad name, click  **... > Duplicate**.
1. Specify the new ad settings:
    1. (Optional) Change the default ad name. By default, the new ad is called "Copy of \<*original ad name*\>."
    1. (Optional) Change the ad settings for [audio ads](ad-settings-audio.md), [connected TV](ad-settings-connected-tv.md), [display ads](ad-settings-display.md),[mobile ads](ad-settings-mobile.md), [native ads](ad-settings-native.md), or [pre-roll ads](ad-settings-pre-roll.md).
1. Click **Save & Submit for Review**.

   The [ad review](ad-about.md) for the new ad takes 24-48 hours and includes checks for sensitive categories, click URL functionality, and preview rendering. The Status column indicates whether DSP has approved the ad. Broken ads may have a pending status for longer than 24-48 hours so you have time to fix errors before they're rejected.

   >[!NOTE]
   >
   >Your ad will only be served if both DSP and the SSP have approved the creative. Each SSP has its own approval requirements and process.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About Ad Management](ad-about.md)
>* [Create an Ad](ad-create.md)
>* [Create Multiple Third-party Ads](ad-create-third-party.md)
>* [Edit an Ad](ad-edit.md)
>* [Ad Specifications](/help/dsp/assets/ad-specs.pdf)
