help/dsp/campaign-management/ads/ad-edit.md, before:

---
title: Edit an Ad
description: Edit an Ad
exl-id: ef140d61-f04e-4c1c-acdd-9985730dfb07
---
# Edit an Ad

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Click the name of the campaign.
1. In the submenu, click **Ads**.
1. Next to the ad name, click  **... > Edit**.
1. Edit the ad settings for [audio ads](ad-settings-audio.md), [connected TV](ad-settings-connected-tv.md), [display ads](ad-settings-display.md),[mobile ads](ad-settings-mobile.md), [native ads](ad-settings-native.md), or [pre-roll ads](ad-settings-pre-roll.md).
1. Click **Save and Close**.

   The edited ad goes through a new [ad review](ad-about.md), which takes 24-48 hours and includes checks for sensitive categories, click URL functionality, and preview rendering. The Status column indicates whether DSP has approved the ad. Broken ads may have a pending status for longer than 24-48 hours so you have time to fix errors before they're rejected.

   >[!NOTE]
   >
   >Your ad will only be served if both DSP and the SSP have approved the creative. Each SSP has its own approval requirements and process.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About Ad Management](ad-about.md)
>* [Create an Ad](ad-create.md)
>* [Create Multiple Third-party Ads](ad-create-third-party.md)
>* [Duplicate an Ad](ad-duplicate.md)
>* [List the Placements Associated with an Ad](ad-list-placements.md)
>* [Ad Specifications](/help/dsp/assets/ad-specs.pdf)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/campaign-management/ads/ad-edit.md, after:

---
title: Edit an Ad
description: Learn how to edit an ad.
feature: campaign management, ads
exl-id: ef140d61-f04e-4c1c-acdd-9985730dfb07
---
# Edit an Ad

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Click the name of the campaign.
1. In the submenu, click **Ads**.
1. Next to the ad name, click  **... > Edit**.
1. Edit the ad settings for [audio ads](ad-settings-audio.md), [connected TV](ad-settings-connected-tv.md), [display ads](ad-settings-display.md),[mobile ads](ad-settings-mobile.md), [native ads](ad-settings-native.md), or [pre-roll ads](ad-settings-pre-roll.md).
1. Click **Save and Close**.

   The edited ad goes through a new [ad review](ad-about.md), which takes 24-48 hours and includes checks for sensitive categories, click URL functionality, and preview rendering. The Status column indicates whether DSP has approved the ad. Broken ads may have a pending status for longer than 24-48 hours so you have time to fix errors before they're rejected.

   >[!NOTE]
   >
   >Your ad will only be served if both DSP and the SSP have approved the creative. Each SSP has its own approval requirements and process.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About Ad Management](ad-about.md)
>* [Create an Ad](ad-create.md)
>* [Create Multiple Third-party Ads](ad-create-third-party.md)
>* [Duplicate an Ad](ad-duplicate.md)
>* [List the Placements Associated with an Ad](ad-list-placements.md)
>* [Ad Specifications](/help/dsp/assets/ad-specs.pdf)
