help/dsp/campaign-management/ads/ad-settings-native.md, before:

---
title: Native Ad Settings
description: Native Ad Settings
exl-id: 3ae59e63-ae64-41b2-8734-3df2da020c7c
---
# Native Ad Settings

## Upload or Select Creative

*New video (but not display) ads only*

**Upload Audio:** To upload a raw asset to DSP. When you select this, do the following:

1. Click **Choose File** and locate the file on your device or network.
1. Enter a title for the file, which will be used in the Ads view and reports.
1. Click **Upload**.

**Use Existing Audio:** To select any previously-uploaded creative in the correct format within the account.

## Ad Options

### Basic

**Ad Type:** (Read-only) The ad type you're creating, which corresponds to the placement type to which the ad can be attached.

**Ad Name:** The ad name. The ad type (display native) or video title (video formats) is used by default, but you can change the name.

>[!TIP]
>
> Use a name that will be easy to find when you attach the ad to a placement, in the Ads view, and in reports. For example, describe the unit type and some key attributes (such as Holiday Product Preview: 15sec Native”).

**Native Creative:** A 1200x627 image to maximize delivery on mobile inventory. For video ads, this will be the image displayed before the Native video plays. Click **Browse** and locate the file on your device or network, and then click **Upload**.

**Title:** An eye-catching title that will engage viewers.

**Description:** For video ads, this is a short summary of the ad. For display ads, this is the body of the ad. The maximum length is 100 characters.

**Landing Page:** The URL on which the viewer will land when they click the ad.

**Final Landing Page:** The landing page URL with the necessary [Advertising Cloud DSP tracking macros](/help/dsp/campaign-management/macros.md) inserted, if applicable.

**Sponsored By (Advertiser Name):** The advertiser for the ad.

**Call to Action:** (Optional) The step you want viewers to take once they see this ad.

**Advertiser Logo:** (Optional) A 1:1 ratio logo to include with the ad for more brand recognition. Click **Browse** and locate the file on your device or network, and then click **Upload**.

### Pixel

All existing event tracking pixels for the placement are automatically attached. You can detach existing pixels and create new pixels as needed, based on your tracking needs.

The following settings apply to each pixel that you create or edit.

**Integration Event:** The event that triggers the pixel to fire. For this ad type, use pixels that fires on the *Impression* or *Click-through*.

**Pixel Type:** Whether the pixel is an *IMG URL* (1x1 pixel image file), *HTML*, or *JavaScript URL*.

**Pixel URL or Code:** The URL of the pixel image, in the appropriate format for the specified Pixel Type.

**Pixel Name:** The pixel name. Use a name that will help you easily identify the pixel.

**Pixel Provider:** The pixel provider: *None*, *Nielsen*, or *Comscore*.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About Ad Management](ad-about.md)
>* [Create an Ad](ad-create.md)
>* [List the Placements Associated with an Ad](/help/dsp/campaign-management/ads/ad-list-placements.md)
>* [Available Ad Types](ad-types.md)
>* [Ad Specifications](/help/dsp/assets/ad-specs.pdf)
>* [Understanding Advertising Cloud DSP Macros](/help/dsp/campaign-management/macros.md)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/campaign-management/ads/ad-settings-native.md, after:

---
title: Native Ad Settings
description: See descriptions of the available ad settings for native ads.
feature: campaign management, ads
exl-id: 3ae59e63-ae64-41b2-8734-3df2da020c7c
---
# Native Ad Settings

## Upload or Select Creative

*New video (but not display) ads only*

**Upload Audio:** To upload a raw asset to DSP. When you select this, do the following:

1. Click **Choose File** and locate the file on your device or network.
1. Enter a title for the file, which will be used in the Ads view and reports.
1. Click **Upload**.

**Use Existing Audio:** To select any previously-uploaded creative in the correct format within the account.

## Ad Options

### Basic

**Ad Type:** (Read-only) The ad type you're creating, which corresponds to the placement type to which the ad can be attached.

**Ad Name:** The ad name. The ad type (display native) or video title (video formats) is used by default, but you can change the name.

>[!TIP]
>
> Use a name that will be easy to find when you attach the ad to a placement, in the Ads view, and in reports. For example, describe the unit type and some key attributes (such as Holiday Product Preview: 15sec Native”).

**Native Creative:** A 1200x627 image to maximize delivery on mobile inventory. For video ads, this will be the image displayed before the Native video plays. Click **Browse** and locate the file on your device or network, and then click **Upload**.

**Title:** An eye-catching title that will engage viewers.

**Description:** For video ads, this is a short summary of the ad. For display ads, this is the body of the ad. The maximum length is 100 characters.

**Landing Page:** The URL on which the viewer will land when they click the ad.

**Final Landing Page:** The landing page URL with the necessary [Advertising Cloud DSP tracking macros](/help/dsp/campaign-management/macros.md) inserted, if applicable.

**Sponsored By (Advertiser Name):** The advertiser for the ad.

**Call to Action:** (Optional) The step you want viewers to take once they see this ad.

**Advertiser Logo:** (Optional) A 1:1 ratio logo to include with the ad for more brand recognition. Click **Browse** and locate the file on your device or network, and then click **Upload**.

### Pixel

All existing event tracking pixels for the placement are automatically attached. You can detach existing pixels and create new pixels as needed, based on your tracking needs.

The following settings apply to each pixel that you create or edit.

**Integration Event:** The event that triggers the pixel to fire. For this ad type, use pixels that fires on the *Impression* or *Click-through*.

**Pixel Type:** Whether the pixel is an *IMG URL* (1x1 pixel image file), *HTML*, or *JavaScript URL*.

**Pixel URL or Code:** The URL of the pixel image, in the appropriate format for the specified Pixel Type.

**Pixel Name:** The pixel name. Use a name that will help you easily identify the pixel.

**Pixel Provider:** The pixel provider: *None*, *Nielsen*, or *Comscore*.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About Ad Management](ad-about.md)
>* [Create an Ad](ad-create.md)
>* [List the Placements Associated with an Ad](/help/dsp/campaign-management/ads/ad-list-placements.md)
>* [Available Ad Types](ad-types.md)
>* [Ad Specifications](/help/dsp/assets/ad-specs.pdf)
>* [Understanding Advertising Cloud DSP Macros](/help/dsp/campaign-management/macros.md)
