help/dsp/campaign-management/ads/ad-types.md, before:

---
title: Available Ad Types
description: Available Ad Types
exl-id: 27df3948-b645-4ddf-a5e0-ade72f15a969
---
# Available Ad Types

For full specifications for each ad type, see the [Ad Specifications](/help/dsp/assets/ad-specs.pdf).

All of the following ad types are available for first-party, Advertising Cloud DSP-served ads. Audio, display, mobile, pre-roll, and connected TV ads are also available for [third-party-served ads](/help/dsp/campaign-management/ads/ad-create-third-party.md).

## Audio Ads

Audio ads play between content on digital publisher sites and can be run standalone as audio files or along with companion banners. Audio is best used to drive brand awareness and engage with on-the-go audiences. Key performance indicators for audio include Completion Rate and Cost per Completion.

See more information about the required and optional [audio ad settings](ad-settings-audio.md).

## Display Ads

Display ads are animated or static images displayed in web browsers or in apps. Clicking on the ad unit takes the user to a branded site or microsite. Display is best used to drive efficient CPMs, increase message association, add additional brand or product touchpoints, and drive users down the purchase funnel. Key performance indicators for display include Clicks, Cost per Click, Conversions, and Cost per Conversion. DSP supports a wide variety of display banner ad sizes.

See more information about the required and optional [display ad settings](ad-settings-display.md).

## Mobile Ads

Mobile ads can be in pre-roll video (VAST, MRAID) or standard display format. Mobile pre-roll video can be auto-play or click-to-play and is best used for reaching viewers across screens. Mobile standard display is a static image displayed on mobile web browsers or in apps and is best used to complement digital video buys, drive message association, and add additional branding or product touchpoints. Mobile ads can also function as full-screen takeovers or as mobile interstitials, which are full-screen, high-impact mobile ads that are best used to develop brand awareness for mobile audiences and drive conversions.

See more information about the required and optional [mobile ad settings](ad-settings-mobile.md).

## Native Ads

Native ads can be in pre-roll video or standard display format. Native ads include a headline and/or title, description, logo, and image or video. The ad elements are combined and rendered to match the publisher's page style so that the ad blends in with the publisher's organic content and drives higher engagement. Native video can be either click-to-play or auto-play. Native is best used for brand awareness, driving audience view and engagement rates with viewer-friendly advertising, and long-form video. Key performance indicators include Clicks and Video Completion Rate.

See more information about the required and optional [native ad settings](ad-settings-native.md).

## Pre-roll Ads

Pre-roll ads (VAST and VPAID) are shown before premium video content and provide an immersive, engaging viewer experience. Pre-roll video can be interactive, contain rich media features, and include overlays, rollovers, and calls-to-action. Key performance indicators for pre-roll video ads include Video Completion Rate and Viewability Rate.

See more information about the required and optional [pre-roll video ad settings](ad-settings-pre-roll.md).

## Connected TV Ads

Connected TV ads are shown before and during premium TV video content. All connected TV inventory runs on TV devices, meaning that video plays automatically in a lean-back, full-screen, fully-viewable environment that viewers can't skip. Connected TV is the closest digital video format to TV commercials. Key performance indicators for Connected TV include Completion Rate.

See more information about the required and optional [connected TV ad settings](ad-settings-connected-tv.md).

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About Ad Management](ad-about.md)
>* [Create an Ad](ad-create.md)
>* [Ad Specifications](/help/dsp/assets/ad-specs.pdf)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/campaign-management/ads/ad-types.md, after:

---
title: Available Ad Types
description: Learn about the ad types that are available.
feature: campaign management, ads
exl-id: 27df3948-b645-4ddf-a5e0-ade72f15a969
---
# Available Ad Types

For full specifications for each ad type, see the [Ad Specifications](/help/dsp/assets/ad-specs.pdf).

All of the following ad types are available for first-party, Advertising Cloud DSP-served ads. Audio, display, mobile, pre-roll, and connected TV ads are also available for [third-party-served ads](/help/dsp/campaign-management/ads/ad-create-third-party.md).

## Audio Ads

Audio ads play between content on digital publisher sites and can be run standalone as audio files or along with companion banners. Audio is best used to drive brand awareness and engage with on-the-go audiences. Key performance indicators for audio include Completion Rate and Cost per Completion.

See more information about the required and optional [audio ad settings](ad-settings-audio.md).

## Display Ads

Display ads are animated or static images displayed in web browsers or in apps. Clicking on the ad unit takes the user to a branded site or microsite. Display is best used to drive efficient CPMs, increase message association, add additional brand or product touchpoints, and drive users down the purchase funnel. Key performance indicators for display include Clicks, Cost per Click, Conversions, and Cost per Conversion. DSP supports a wide variety of display banner ad sizes.

See more information about the required and optional [display ad settings](ad-settings-display.md).

## Mobile Ads

Mobile ads can be in pre-roll video (VAST, MRAID) or standard display format. Mobile pre-roll video can be auto-play or click-to-play and is best used for reaching viewers across screens. Mobile standard display is a static image displayed on mobile web browsers or in apps and is best used to complement digital video buys, drive message association, and add additional branding or product touchpoints. Mobile ads can also function as full-screen takeovers or as mobile interstitials, which are full-screen, high-impact mobile ads that are best used to develop brand awareness for mobile audiences and drive conversions.

See more information about the required and optional [mobile ad settings](ad-settings-mobile.md).

## Native Ads

Native ads can be in pre-roll video or standard display format. Native ads include a headline and/or title, description, logo, and image or video. The ad elements are combined and rendered to match the publisher's page style so that the ad blends in with the publisher's organic content and drives higher engagement. Native video can be either click-to-play or auto-play. Native is best used for brand awareness, driving audience view and engagement rates with viewer-friendly advertising, and long-form video. Key performance indicators include Clicks and Video Completion Rate.

See more information about the required and optional [native ad settings](ad-settings-native.md).

## Pre-roll Ads

Pre-roll ads (VAST and VPAID) are shown before premium video content and provide an immersive, engaging viewer experience. Pre-roll video can be interactive, contain rich media features, and include overlays, rollovers, and calls-to-action. Key performance indicators for pre-roll video ads include Video Completion Rate and Viewability Rate.

See more information about the required and optional [pre-roll video ad settings](ad-settings-pre-roll.md).

## Connected TV Ads

Connected TV ads are shown before and during premium TV video content. All connected TV inventory runs on TV devices, meaning that video plays automatically in a lean-back, full-screen, fully-viewable environment that viewers can't skip. Connected TV is the closest digital video format to TV commercials. Key performance indicators for Connected TV include Completion Rate.

See more information about the required and optional [connected TV ad settings](ad-settings-connected-tv.md).

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About Ad Management](ad-about.md)
>* [Create an Ad](ad-create.md)
>* [Ad Specifications](/help/dsp/assets/ad-specs.pdf)
