help/dsp/campaign-management/packages/package-attach-placement.md, before:

---
title: Attach a Placement to a Package
description: Attach a Placement to a Package
exl-id: 443aa1a3-c8b9-4949-87be-5a37e67f00a8
---
# Attach a Placement to a Package

## Attach a New Placement from the Placements View

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.

1. Click the name of the campaign in which you want to create the package, and then click the package name.

1. In the upper right, click **Create** and select the placement type.

     The selected package is automatically selected in the placement settings.

1. Enter the remaining [placement settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/placements/placement-settings.md), and then click **Create Placement**.

## Attach a New or Existing Placement from the Packages View

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.

1. Click the name of the campaign to open the Packages view.

1. Next to the package name, click  **... > Attach a Placement.**

1. Do either of the following:

    * To create a new placement:

        1. Click **Create New Placement**.

        1.  Select the ad type for the placement, and then click **Build this placement**.

        1. Enter the [placement settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/placements/placement-settings.md), and then click **Create Placement**.

    * To attach an existing placement in the campaign:

       >[!NOTE]
       >
       >Each placement can be in only one package. Only placements that aren't already in a package are listed.
    
        1. Click **Select a Placement.**

        1. Next to the placement name, click **Select.**

        1. (Optional) For each additional placement you want to attach, click **Attach Another Placement**, and then repeat Steps 1-2.

        1. Click **I'm done for now**.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About Package Management](package-about.md)
>* [Create a Package](package-create.md)
>* [Package Settings](package-settings.md)
>* [Placement Settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/placements/placement-settings.md)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/campaign-management/packages/package-attach-placement.md, after:

---
title: Attach a Placement to a Package
description: Learn how to attach a placement to a package.
feature: campaign management, packages
exl-id: 443aa1a3-c8b9-4949-87be-5a37e67f00a8
---
# Attach a Placement to a Package

## Attach a New Placement from the Placements View

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.

1. Click the name of the campaign in which you want to create the package, and then click the package name.

1. In the upper right, click **Create** and select the placement type.

     The selected package is automatically selected in the placement settings.

1. Enter the remaining [placement settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/placements/placement-settings.md), and then click **Create Placement**.

## Attach a New or Existing Placement from the Packages View

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.

1. Click the name of the campaign to open the Packages view.

1. Next to the package name, click  **... > Attach a Placement.**

1. Do either of the following:

    * To create a new placement:

        1. Click **Create New Placement**.

        1.  Select the ad type for the placement, and then click **Build this placement**.

        1. Enter the [placement settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/placements/placement-settings.md), and then click **Create Placement**.

    * To attach an existing placement in the campaign:

       >[!NOTE]
       >
       >Each placement can be in only one package. Only placements that aren't already in a package are listed.
    
        1. Click **Select a Placement.**

        1. Next to the placement name, click **Select.**

        1. (Optional) For each additional placement you want to attach, click **Attach Another Placement**, and then repeat Steps 1-2.

        1. Click **I'm done for now**.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About Package Management](package-about.md)
>* [Create a Package](package-create.md)
>* [Package Settings](package-settings.md)
>* [Placement Settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/placements/placement-settings.md)
