help/dsp/campaign-management/packages/package-archive-unarchive.md, before:

---
title: Archive or Unarchive a Package
description: Archive or Unarchive a Package
exl-id: a8840f9e-e0ee-481d-80c2-66b56fc1882f
---
# Archive or Unarchive a Package

Hide a package that isn't being used by archiving it. The only action you can take on an archived package is to unarchive it. Archived packages aren't shown by default but are still available for reporting.

You can unarchive a package to restore its previous status at any time.

## Archive a Package

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Click the name of the campaign to open the Packages view.
1. Next to the package name, click  **... > Archive**.
1. In the confirmation message, click **Archive**.

>[!NOTE]
>
>To view archived packages, filter the Packages view: click ![Filter button](/help/dsp/assets/filter.png), click **Package status** and select **Archived**, and then click **Apply.**

## Unarchive a Package

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Click the name of the campaign to open the Packages view.
1. Next to the package name, click  **... > Unarchive**.
1. In the confirmation message, click **Unarchive**.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [Edit a Package](package-edit.md)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/campaign-management/packages/package-archive-unarchive.md, after:

---
title: Archive or Unarchive a Package
description: Learn how to archive or unarchive a package.
feature: campaign management, packages
exl-id: a8840f9e-e0ee-481d-80c2-66b56fc1882f
---
# Archive or Unarchive a Package

Hide a package that isn't being used by archiving it. The only action you can take on an archived package is to unarchive it. Archived packages aren't shown by default but are still available for reporting.

You can unarchive a package to restore its previous status at any time.

## Archive a Package

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Click the name of the campaign to open the Packages view.
1. Next to the package name, click  **... > Archive**.
1. In the confirmation message, click **Archive**.

>[!NOTE]
>
>To view archived packages, filter the Packages view: click ![Filter button](/help/dsp/assets/filter.png), click **Package status** and select **Archived**, and then click **Apply.**

## Unarchive a Package

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Click the name of the campaign to open the Packages view.
1. Next to the package name, click  **... > Unarchive**.
1. In the confirmation message, click **Unarchive**.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [Edit a Package](package-edit.md)
