help/dsp/campaign-management/reports/campaign-data-views-about.md, before:

---
title: About the Campaign Data Views
description: About the Campaign Data Views
exl-id: acc312b9-2de4-4e2f-9b59-b91f23d82357
---
# About the Campaign Data Views

In all campaign management views (Campaigns, Packages, Placements, and Ads), you can customize the data that appears within the data table. You can customize the data in the following ways:

* Specify the data columns and their order by selecting a view from the view selector, editing the columns in an existing view to apply the changes temporarily, or creating custom column views.

   Each campaign management level (Campaigns, Packages, Placements, and Ads) includes built-in Pacing and Performance views that include relevant metrics for that entity. By default, the Pacing view is shown so you can identify under-performing campaigns and campaign components at a glance. You can optionally [change the column view](column-view-change.md) to see performance data (using the Performance view) or any saved column set. You can optionally [edit the columns](column-view-edit.md) in the Pacing or Performance view to apply changes temporarily.

   You also can save [custom column sets](column-view-create.md) that include any columns you want, in any order.

   ![column view selector](/help/dsp/assets/column-view-selector.png)

   In the column view editor, all metrics are alphabetical by category: Settings, Spend, Pacing, Reporting (standard metrics that DSP tracks), Viewability, and Conversions. Metrics appended with "(Lifetime)" return values from the start of the campaign, regardless of the date range selected on the page.

   ![column view editor](/help/dsp/assets/column-view-editor.png)

   DSP saves your most recent view as the default view so that, every time you return to the page, you will always view the metrics that are pertinent to you.

* Apply [filters](campaign-data-filter.md) to change the data that is displayed on the current tab. Available filters vary by entity type but may include entity name, status, and additional property columns.

* Change the date range used in all standard and custom views.

* [Sort the data by the values in any column](campaign-data-sort.md).

* Control whether to display 25 rows, 50 rows, or 100 rows in the bottom right of any page.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About In-Platform Reports](campaign-reports-about.md)
>* [Change the Column View](column-view-change.md)
>* [Create a Custom Column View](column-view-create.md)
>* [Edit a Custom Column View](column-view-edit.md)
>* [Manage Data Visualizations](campaign-data-visualization-manage.md)
>* [View the Sites, Ads, and Frequency Details for a Placement](placement-details-view.md)
>* [View the Placement Diagnostic Reports](placement-diagnostics.md)
>* [Export Data from a Campaign Management View](campaign-export-data.md)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/campaign-management/reports/campaign-data-views-about.md, after:

---
title: About the Campaign Data Views
description: Learn how you can customize the data views for campaigns, packages, placements, and ads.
feature: campaign management, data views
exl-id: acc312b9-2de4-4e2f-9b59-b91f23d82357
---
# About the Campaign Data Views

In all campaign management views (Campaigns, Packages, Placements, and Ads), you can customize the data that appears within the data table. You can customize the data in the following ways:

* Specify the data columns and their order by selecting a view from the view selector, editing the columns in an existing view to apply the changes temporarily, or creating custom column views.

   Each campaign management level (Campaigns, Packages, Placements, and Ads) includes built-in Pacing and Performance views that include relevant metrics for that entity. By default, the Pacing view is shown so you can identify under-performing campaigns and campaign components at a glance. You can optionally [change the column view](column-view-change.md) to see performance data (using the Performance view) or any saved column set. You can optionally [edit the columns](column-view-edit.md) in the Pacing or Performance view to apply changes temporarily.

   You also can save [custom column sets](column-view-create.md) that include any columns you want, in any order.

   ![column view selector](/help/dsp/assets/column-view-selector.png)

   In the column view editor, all metrics are alphabetical by category: Settings, Spend, Pacing, Reporting (standard metrics that DSP tracks), Viewability, and Conversions. Metrics appended with "(Lifetime)" return values from the start of the campaign, regardless of the date range selected on the page.

   ![column view editor](/help/dsp/assets/column-view-editor.png)

   DSP saves your most recent view as the default view so that, every time you return to the page, you will always view the metrics that are pertinent to you.

* Apply [filters](campaign-data-filter.md) to change the data that is displayed on the current tab. Available filters vary by entity type but may include entity name, status, and additional property columns.

* Change the date range used in all standard and custom views.

* [Sort the data by the values in any column](campaign-data-sort.md).

* Control whether to display 25 rows, 50 rows, or 100 rows in the bottom right of any page.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About In-Platform Reports](campaign-reports-about.md)
>* [Change the Column View](column-view-change.md)
>* [Create a Custom Column View](column-view-create.md)
>* [Edit a Custom Column View](column-view-edit.md)
>* [Manage Data Visualizations](campaign-data-visualization-manage.md)
>* [View the Sites, Ads, and Frequency Details for a Placement](placement-details-view.md)
>* [View the Placement Diagnostic Reports](placement-diagnostics.md)
>* [Export Data from a Campaign Management View](campaign-export-data.md)
