help/dsp/campaign-management/reports/campaign-data-filter.md, before:

---
title: Filter Campaign Data
description: Filter Campaign Data
exl-id: 784f025c-a96b-45bb-8326-e2e5216197e3
---
# Filter Campaign Data

1. In the main toolbar, click ![Filter button](/help/dsp/assets/filter.png).
1. For each filter you want to apply, click the filter name in the left column, and then specify the filter value(s).
1. Click **Apply**.

## Available Filters

The following filters are available for your Campaigns, Packages, and Placements:

* Campaign filters:
    * Campaign Status
    * Advertiser
* Package filters:
    * Existence of custom flights
    * Custom goal (if applicable)
    * Start and end date
    * Optimization goal
    * Pacing Strategy
    * Package Status
* Placement filters:
    * Start and end date
    * Custom ad scheduling
    * Custom goal (if applicable)
    * Max bid (less than, greater than, or equal to a specified value)
    * Optimization goal
    * Pacing on (impressions or spend)
    * Pacing strategy
    * Package
    * Placement status
    * Placement type
    * Placement sub-type

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About In-Platform Reports](campaign-reports-about.md)
>* [Create a Custom Column View](column-view-create.md)
>* [Change the Column View](column-view-change.md)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/campaign-management/reports/campaign-data-filter.md, after:

---
title: Filter Campaign Data
description: Learn how to apply filters to narrow the campaign data that's displayed.
feature: campaign management, data views
exl-id: 784f025c-a96b-45bb-8326-e2e5216197e3
---
# Filter Campaign Data

1. In the main toolbar, click ![Filter button](/help/dsp/assets/filter.png).
1. For each filter you want to apply, click the filter name in the left column, and then specify the filter value(s).
1. Click **Apply**.

## Available Filters

The following filters are available for your Campaigns, Packages, and Placements:

* Campaign filters:
    * Campaign Status
    * Advertiser
* Package filters:
    * Existence of custom flights
    * Custom goal (if applicable)
    * Start and end date
    * Optimization goal
    * Pacing Strategy
    * Package Status
* Placement filters:
    * Start and end date
    * Custom ad scheduling
    * Custom goal (if applicable)
    * Max bid (less than, greater than, or equal to a specified value)
    * Optimization goal
    * Pacing on (impressions or spend)
    * Pacing strategy
    * Package
    * Placement status
    * Placement type
    * Placement sub-type

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About In-Platform Reports](campaign-reports-about.md)
>* [Create a Custom Column View](column-view-create.md)
>* [Change the Column View](column-view-change.md)
