help/dsp/campaign-management/reports/campaign-data-visualization-manage.md, before:

---
title: Manage Data Visualizations
description: Manage Data Visualizations
exl-id: f557ddfc-9a20-4cbc-8ad3-230ba5df32e3
---
# Manage Data Visualizations

You can change the metrics and chart mode for all data visualizations for a single campaign. The changes are applied across all data visualizations for the campaign, including the Packages, Placements, and Ads tabs.

## Change the Metrics for a Data Visualization

1. In the upper right of the data visualization, click ![Settings](/help/dsp/assets/settings-chart.png).
1. Select the metrics.
   You can't select the same metric twice.
1. Click **Apply**.

## Change the Display Mode for a Data Visualization

* In the upper right of the data visualization, click the Overlay switch (![Overlay switch](/help/dsp/assets/overlay.png)) to change between overlay mode (all charts overlaid together) and trellis chart mode (three separate charts).

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About In-Platform Reports](campaign-reports-about.md)
>* [View the Sites, Ads, and Frequency Details for a Placement](placement-details-view.md)
>* [Change the Column View](column-view-change.md)
>* [Filter Campaign Data](campaign-data-filter.md)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/campaign-management/reports/campaign-data-visualization-manage.md, after:

---
title: Manage Data Visualizations
description: Learn how to change the metrics and display mode for data visualizations.
feature: campaign management
exl-id: f557ddfc-9a20-4cbc-8ad3-230ba5df32e3
---
# Manage Data Visualizations

You can change the metrics and chart mode for all data visualizations for a single campaign. The changes are applied across all data visualizations for the campaign, including the Packages, Placements, and Ads tabs.

## Change the Metrics for a Data Visualization

1. In the upper right of the data visualization, click ![Settings](/help/dsp/assets/settings-chart.png).
1. Select the metrics.
   You can't select the same metric twice.
1. Click **Apply**.

## Change the Display Mode for a Data Visualization

* In the upper right of the data visualization, click the Overlay switch (![Overlay switch](/help/dsp/assets/overlay.png)) to change between overlay mode (all charts overlaid together) and trellis chart mode (three separate charts).

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About In-Platform Reports](campaign-reports-about.md)
>* [View the Sites, Ads, and Frequency Details for a Placement](placement-details-view.md)
>* [Change the Column View](column-view-change.md)
>* [Filter Campaign Data](campaign-data-filter.md)
