help/dsp/campaign-management/reports/placement-details-view.md, before:

---
title: View the Sites, Ads, and Frequency Details for a Placement
description: View the Sites, Ads, and Frequency Details for a Placement
exl-id: 99bb4a4e-dc52-4130-87c4-5458e25bbc1e
---
# View the Sites, Ads, and Frequency Details for a Placement

The Placement Inspector lists all targeted sites and all ads in a placement. It also includes frequency data for the placement.

1. Open the placements view for the parent campaign or package:

    * View all placements within the parent campaign:
        1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
        1. Click the name of the campaign.
        1. Click the **Placements** tab.

    * View all placements within the parent package:
        1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
        1. Click the name of the campaign.
        1. Click the **Packages** tab.
        1. Click the name of the parent package.

1. Hold the cursor over the placement row, click **More**, and then click an option:
    * To view all sites that the placement targets, click **Sites**.
    * To view all ads in the placement, click **Ads**.
    * To view frequency data for the placement, click **Frequency**.

1. (Optional) [Change the column view](column-view-change.md) as needed to view the required metrics.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About In-Platform Reports](campaign-reports-about.md)
>* [About the Campaign Data Views](campaign-data-views-about.md)
>* [Change the Column View](column-view-change.md)
>* [Manage Data Visualizations](campaign-data-visualization-manage.md)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/campaign-management/reports/placement-details-view.md, after:

---
title: View the Sites, Ads, and Frequency Details for a Placement
description: Learn how to view the targeted sites, ads, and frequency data for a placement.
feature: campaign management, placements
exl-id: 99bb4a4e-dc52-4130-87c4-5458e25bbc1e
---
# View the Sites, Ads, and Frequency Details for a Placement

The Placement Inspector lists all targeted sites and all ads in a placement. It also includes frequency data for the placement.

1. Open the placements view for the parent campaign or package:

    * View all placements within the parent campaign:
        1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
        1. Click the name of the campaign.
        1. Click the **Placements** tab.

    * View all placements within the parent package:
        1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
        1. Click the name of the campaign.
        1. Click the **Packages** tab.
        1. Click the name of the parent package.

1. Hold the cursor over the placement row, click **More**, and then click an option:
    * To view all sites that the placement targets, click **Sites**.
    * To view all ads in the placement, click **Ads**.
    * To view frequency data for the placement, click **Frequency**.

1. (Optional) [Change the column view](column-view-change.md) as needed to view the required metrics.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About In-Platform Reports](campaign-reports-about.md)
>* [About the Campaign Data Views](campaign-data-views-about.md)
>* [Change the Column View](column-view-change.md)
>* [Manage Data Visualizations](campaign-data-visualization-manage.md)
