help/dsp/campaign-management/reports/placement-diagnostics.md, before:

---
title: View the Placement Diagnostic Reports
description: View the Placement Diagnostic Reports
exl-id: d64406b6-83b5-4ae7-984c-98610fc1ee40
---
# View the Placement Diagnostic Reports

<!-- Does this really belong in the Campaign Management > Reports section or in the Placements section? -->

The following tools can help you diagnose issues with placement setup or pacing once a campaign is live:

* **Change Log:** Shows changes to key placement settings, such as the name, status, and maximum bid. Each entry includes the date and username of the person who made the change.
* **Ad Approvals:** Shows whether ads were approved or rejected by the inventory providers. You can optionally change the status of any ad (for example, pause a rejected ad) or open the ad settings.
* **Non Bids:** Shows out why DSP didn't bid on the placement.

1. Open the Diagnostics report:
    1. Open the placement settings:
        1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
        1. Click the name of the campaign, and then click **Placements**.
        1. Next to the placement name, click  **... > Edit**.
    1. In the upper right, click ![Placement Diagnostics](/help/dsp/assets/placement-diagnostics.png) or **Diagnostic**.
1. Do any of the following:
    * To view the change log:
         1. Click **Change Log**.
         1. (Optional) Filter the report results:
            * In the date menu, change the report period from the default Last 14 Days to another period (*Last 30 days,* *Last 60 days,* *Last 90 days,* or *Last 1 year*).
            * In the left menu, filter the report by a specific username.
            * In the right menu, filter the report by a specific placement setting.
    * To view the status of ad approvals:
        1. In the upper right, click **Ad Approvals**.
        1. (Optional) To pause or activate the ad, click the status switch (![Status switch](/help/dsp/assets/status-switch.png)) in the Ad column).
        1. (Optional) To open the settings for an ad, click **View Ad** next to the ad.
    * To see why DSP didn't bid on the placement:
        1. In the upper right, click **Non Bids**.
        1. (Optional) To change the date range, click in the date field and select a different date or date range.

<!-- Later, add link to >* Definitions for NBRs (Reading No Bid Reports (NBRs)) -->

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About In-Platform Reports](campaign-reports-about.md)
>* [Placement Settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/placements/placement-settings.md)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/campaign-management/reports/placement-diagnostics.md, after:

---
title: View the Placement Diagnostic Reports
description: Learn how to diagnose issues with placement setup and pacing.
feature: campaign management, placements, diagnostics
exl-id: d64406b6-83b5-4ae7-984c-98610fc1ee40
---
# View the Placement Diagnostic Reports

<!-- Does this really belong in the Campaign Management > Reports section or in the Placements section? -->

The following tools can help you diagnose issues with placement setup and pacing once a campaign is live:

* **Change Log:** Shows changes to key placement settings, such as the name, status, and maximum bid. Each entry includes the date and username of the person who made the change.
* **Ad Approvals:** Shows whether ads were approved or rejected by the inventory providers. You can optionally change the status of any ad (for example, pause a rejected ad) or open the ad settings.
* **Non Bids:** Shows out why DSP didn't bid on the placement.

1. Open the Diagnostics report:
    1. Open the placement settings:
        1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
        1. Click the name of the campaign, and then click **Placements**.
        1. Next to the placement name, click  **... > Edit**.
    1. In the upper right, click ![Placement Diagnostics](/help/dsp/assets/placement-diagnostics.png) or **Diagnostic**.
1. Do any of the following:
    * To view the change log:
         1. Click **Change Log**.
         1. (Optional) Filter the report results:
            * In the date menu, change the report period from the default Last 14 Days to another period (*Last 30 days,* *Last 60 days,* *Last 90 days,* or *Last 1 year*).
            * In the left menu, filter the report by a specific username.
            * In the right menu, filter the report by a specific placement setting.
    * To view the status of ad approvals:
        1. In the upper right, click **Ad Approvals**.
        1. (Optional) To pause or activate the ad, click the status switch (![Status switch](/help/dsp/assets/status-switch.png)) in the Ad column).
        1. (Optional) To open the settings for an ad, click **View Ad** next to the ad.
    * To see why DSP didn't bid on the placement:
        1. In the upper right, click **Non Bids**.
        1. (Optional) To change the date range, click in the date field and select a different date or date range.

<!-- Later, add link to >* Definitions for NBRs (Reading No Bid Reports (NBRs)) -->

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About In-Platform Reports](campaign-reports-about.md)
>* [Placement Settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/placements/placement-settings.md)
