help/dsp/audiences/audience-settings.md, before:

---
title: Audience Settings
description: Audience Settings
exl-id: 959c1e04-cb09-42f0-a261-580ff98b86be
---
# Audience Settings

## Third Party Segments

(Optional) Any standard segment that is available through Advertising Cloud's third-party data taxonomy, to include in the audience configuration.

## First Party Segments

(Optional) Any first-party segments imported and/or custom segments imported for the account, to include in the audience configuration.

## Adobe Segments

(Optional) Any Adobe Analytics or Adobe Audience Manager segments to include in the audience configuration.

## Custom Segments

(Optional) Any user-created segments, which are captured using custom Advertising Cloud segment pixels, to include in the audience configuration. This can include standard custom segments and CCPA opt-out-of-sale segments.

## Saved Audiences

(Optional) Any existing audiences built in Audience Library to include in the audience configuration.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About Audience Management](audience-about.md)
>* [Create a Reusable Audience](reusable-audience-create.md)
>* [Available Third-party Data Providers](third-party-data-providers.md)
>* [Syntax for Audience Segment Logic](audience-segment-logic-syntax.md)
>* [Create and Implement a Custom Segment](custom-segment-create.md)
>* [Create and Implement a CCPA Opt-Out-of-Sale Segment](ccpa-opt-out-segment-create.md)
>* [Placement Settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/placements/placement-settings.md)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/audiences/audience-settings.md, after:

---
title: Audience Settings
description: See descriptions of the available audience settings.
feature: audience management
exl-id: 959c1e04-cb09-42f0-a261-580ff98b86be
---
# Audience Settings

## Third Party Segments

(Optional) Any standard segment that is available through Advertising Cloud's third-party data taxonomy, to include in the audience configuration.

## First Party Segments

(Optional) Any first-party segments imported and/or custom segments imported for the account, to include in the audience configuration.

## Adobe Segments

(Optional) Any Adobe Analytics or Adobe Audience Manager segments to include in the audience configuration.

## Custom Segments

(Optional) Any user-created segments, which are captured using custom Advertising Cloud segment pixels, to include in the audience configuration. This can include standard custom segments and CCPA opt-out-of-sale segments.

## Saved Audiences

(Optional) Any existing audiences built in Audience Library to include in the audience configuration.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About Audience Management](audience-about.md)
>* [Create a Reusable Audience](reusable-audience-create.md)
>* [Available Third-party Data Providers](third-party-data-providers.md)
>* [Syntax for Audience Segment Logic](audience-segment-logic-syntax.md)
>* [Create and Implement a Custom Segment](custom-segment-create.md)
>* [Create and Implement a CCPA Opt-Out-of-Sale Segment](ccpa-opt-out-segment-create.md)
>* [Placement Settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/placements/placement-settings.md)
