help/dsp/audiences/audience-segment-logic-syntax.md, before:

---
title: Syntax for Audience Segment Logic
description: Syntax for Audience Segment Logic
exl-id: 3a51b1b5-1eef-453b-9be5-0694e27491a8
---
# Syntax for Audience Segment Logic

When you create reusable audiences, you can manually define segment logic using alphanumeric segment IDs and the following syntax:

* () to indicate a group
* `||` for OR <!-- || escaped with backticks so Jenkins doesn't think it's a Markdown table -->
* && for AND
* ! for NOT (exclude)

>[!NOTE]
>
>* All specified segment groups are included unless they're preceded by ! (which excludes them).

For example, the following logic:

```
(X5vUk1cNvZxvBJ3jMjTt) || (sfvXrmQkk77PL5OtHpLH) && !(SMWSjTZFiy9hR1bKm1vw || x08UReA0IcP9HAJdcGVe)
```

means (in plain English)

```
INCLUDE Segment ID X5vUk1cNvZxvBJ3jMjTt OR INCLUDE Segment ID sfvXrmQkk77PL5OtHpLH AND EXCLUDE (Segment ID SMWSjTZFiy9hR1bKm1vw AND Segment ID x08UReA0IcP9HAJdcGVe)
```

>[!NOTE]
>
>In placement settings, you can use saved audiences either as audiences to explicitly target or as separate audiences to exclude from targeting. Make sure your segment logic reflects the purpose for which you will be using the audience.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About Audience Management](audience-about.md)
>* [Create a Reusable Audience](reusable-audience-create.md)
>* [Audience Settings](audience-settings.md)
>* [Available Third-party Data Providers](third-party-data-providers.md)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/audiences/audience-segment-logic-syntax.md, after:

---
title: Syntax for Audience Segment Logic
description: Reference the syntax you can use to define the logic for audience segments.
feature: audience management, reusable audiences
exl-id: 3a51b1b5-1eef-453b-9be5-0694e27491a8
---
# Syntax for Audience Segment Logic

When you create reusable audiences, you can manually define segment logic using alphanumeric segment IDs and the following syntax:

* () to indicate a group
* `||` for OR <!-- || escaped with backticks so Jenkins doesn't think it's a Markdown table -->
* && for AND
* ! for NOT (exclude)

>[!NOTE]
>
>* All specified segment groups are included unless they're preceded by ! (which excludes them).

For example, the following logic:

```
(X5vUk1cNvZxvBJ3jMjTt) || (sfvXrmQkk77PL5OtHpLH) && !(SMWSjTZFiy9hR1bKm1vw || x08UReA0IcP9HAJdcGVe)
```

means (in plain English)

```
INCLUDE Segment ID X5vUk1cNvZxvBJ3jMjTt OR INCLUDE Segment ID sfvXrmQkk77PL5OtHpLH AND EXCLUDE (Segment ID SMWSjTZFiy9hR1bKm1vw AND Segment ID x08UReA0IcP9HAJdcGVe)
```

>[!NOTE]
>
>In placement settings, you can use saved audiences either as audiences to explicitly target or as separate audiences to exclude from targeting. Make sure your segment logic reflects the purpose for which you will be using the audience.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [About Audience Management](audience-about.md)
>* [Create a Reusable Audience](reusable-audience-create.md)
>* [Audience Settings](audience-settings.md)
>* [Available Third-party Data Providers](third-party-data-providers.md)
