help/dsp/audiences/ccpa-opt-out-segment-report-retrieve.md, before:

---
title: Retrieve Consumer Opt-Out-of-Sale Reports
description: Retrieve Consumer Opt-Out-of-Sale Reports
exl-id: 8ada787a-6dcf-455b-88f4-701743e68292
---
# Retrieve Consumer Opt-Out-of-Sale Reports

You can retrieve monthly reports of IDs that customers have submitted for opt-out-of-sale requests for the account. You can retrieve the reports that were created in the previous three months. Each link is valid for seven days but refreshes each time a customer attempts to retrieve one.

>[!NOTE]
>
>You can optionally retrieve consumer opt-out-of-sale reports using the Advertising Cloud Trafficking API. For instructions, see the documentation for the Trafficking API. If your organization doesn't use the Trafficking API but is interested in more information, contact your Adobe account manager.

1. In the main menu, click **Audiences > Segments**.
1. Above the segment list, click **Access CCPA Reports**.
1. Click the link for any available monthly report to download a GZIP file, which you can extract to a tab-separated text file.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [Adobe Advertising Cloud Support for the California Consumer Privacy Act: Consumer Opt-out Support](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/advertising-cloud/privacy/ad-cloud-ccpa-opt-out-of-sale.html)
>* [About CCPA Opt-out-of-Sale Segments and Reports](ccpa-opt-out-about.md)
>* [Create and Implement a CCPA Opt-Out-of-Sale Segment](ccpa-opt-out-segment-create.md)
>* [About Audience Management](audience-about.md)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/audiences/ccpa-opt-out-segment-report-retrieve.md, after:

---
title: Retrieve Consumer Opt-Out-of-Sale Reports
description: Learn how to retrieve reports of IDs submitted for opt-out-of-sale requests.
feature: audience management, CCPA opt-out-of-sale segments, CCPA
exl-id: 8ada787a-6dcf-455b-88f4-701743e68292
---
# Retrieve Consumer Opt-Out-of-Sale Reports

You can retrieve monthly reports of IDs that customers have submitted for opt-out-of-sale requests for the account. You can retrieve the reports that were created in the previous three months. Each link is valid for seven days but refreshes each time a customer attempts to retrieve one.

>[!NOTE]
>
>You can optionally retrieve consumer opt-out-of-sale reports using the Advertising Cloud Trafficking API. For instructions, see the documentation for the Trafficking API. If your organization doesn't use the Trafficking API but is interested in more information, contact your Adobe account manager.

1. In the main menu, click **Audiences > Segments**.
1. Above the segment list, click **Access CCPA Reports**.
1. Click the link for any available monthly report to download a GZIP file, which you can extract to a tab-separated text file.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [Adobe Advertising Cloud Support for the California Consumer Privacy Act: Consumer Opt-out Support](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/advertising-cloud/privacy/ad-cloud-ccpa-opt-out-of-sale.html)
>* [About CCPA Opt-out-of-Sale Segments and Reports](ccpa-opt-out-about.md)
>* [Create and Implement a CCPA Opt-Out-of-Sale Segment](ccpa-opt-out-segment-create.md)
>* [About Audience Management](audience-about.md)
