help/dsp/currency.md, before:

---
description: Currencies Supported in Adobe Advertising Cloud
solution: Advertising Cloud
subtopic: 
---

# Currencies Supported in Adobe Advertising Cloud

Advertising Cloud supports the following currencies.

>[!NOTE]
>
>Adobe Analytics supports [a larger set of currencies](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/analytics/admin/admin-tools/currency.html).

## DSP and Creative

|  Code  | Currency Name  |
|---|---|
|  AUD  | Australia Dollar  |
|  BRL  | Brazilian Real  |
|  CAD  | Canada Dollar  |
|  CLP  | Chilean Peso  |
|  CNY  | Chinese Renminbi  |
|  DKK  | Danish Krone  |
|  EUR  | Euro  |
|  GBP  | United Kingdom Pound  |
|  HKD  | Hong Kong Dollar  |
|  INR  | Indian Rupee  |
|  JPY  | Japanese Yen  |
|  MXN  | Mexican Peso  |
|  MYR  | Malaysian Ringgit  |
|  NZD  | New Zealand Dollar  |
|  RUB  | Russian Rubles  |
|  SGD  | Singapore Dollar  |
|  THB  | Thai Baht  |
|  TRY  | Turkish Lira  |
|  USD  | United States Dollar  |

## Search

All currencies supported by supported search engines. This is the same as [those supported by Google Ads](https://developers.google.com/adwords/api/docs/appendix/codes-formats#currency-codes).

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/currency.md, after:

---
title: Currencies Supported in Adobe Advertising Cloud
description: See a list of the supported currencies.
feature: custom reports, campaign management
---

# Currencies Supported in Adobe Advertising Cloud

Advertising Cloud supports the following currencies.

>[!NOTE]
>
>Adobe Analytics supports [a larger set of currencies](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/analytics/admin/admin-tools/currency.html).

## DSP and Creative

|  Code  | Currency Name  |
|---|---|
|  AUD  | Australia Dollar  |
|  BRL  | Brazilian Real  |
|  CAD  | Canada Dollar  |
|  CLP  | Chilean Peso  |
|  CNY  | Chinese Renminbi  |
|  DKK  | Danish Krone  |
|  EUR  | Euro  |
|  GBP  | United Kingdom Pound  |
|  HKD  | Hong Kong Dollar  |
|  INR  | Indian Rupee  |
|  JPY  | Japanese Yen  |
|  MXN  | Mexican Peso  |
|  MYR  | Malaysian Ringgit  |
|  NZD  | New Zealand Dollar  |
|  RUB  | Russian Rubles  |
|  SGD  | Singapore Dollar  |
|  THB  | Thai Baht  |
|  TRY  | Turkish Lira  |
|  USD  | United States Dollar  |

## Search

All currencies supported by supported search engines. This is the same as [those supported by Google Ads](https://developers.google.com/adwords/api/docs/appendix/codes-formats#currency-codes).
