help/dsp/glossary.md, before:

---
title: Glossary
description: Glossary
---

# Glossary

<!-- See if anyone has anything to add, then edit. Although I could not worry about adding anything -- just make sure nothing is no longer relevant. -->

*Ad*
An ad is a video that has been uploaded and configured into a web-ready format of your choice. You can create a variety of ad units with a single video and add multiple features to it. Multiple ads of the same type can be added to a single placement.

*Below the fold*
Ads running below the area that viewers see when a page first loads – requires user to scroll down to view the ad

*Block list*
Websites and inventory on which ads are not permitted to be shown

*Brand lift*
The change in consumer attitude, perception and intentions towards a brand in a material way after viewing an ad

*Budget*
The amount of money or impressions specified for a campaign

*Click redirects*
Pixels that fire when someone clicks on an ad. These pixels do two things: they fire when the viewer clicks and they open a new tab or window with a destination page. If you don’t have third party pixels on a campaign, you need a URL to send the clicks to.

*Click-through*
When a viewer clicks on the video or banner to a landing page

*Click-through rate*
Percentage of total viewers that clicked through to a landing page. Click-through rate = (total clicks / total views) x 100

*Click-through URL*
The URL that viewers are redirected to when they click on an ad, companion banner or overlay

*Companion Banner*

* 300×250 Added value 300×250 banner space that accompanies some pre-roll units. The banner can have iFrame, HTML, static image or Flash formatting and click through to a landing page.
* 300×60 Added value 300×60 banner space that accompanies some YouTube pre-roll units. The banner can have iFrame, HTML, static image or Flash formatting and click through to a landing page.

*Completion Rate*
Percentage of total viewers that completed the video. Completion rate = (completed views / total views) x 100

* 25% completion rate: Percentage of viewers that completed 25% the video
* 50% completion rate: Percentage of viewers that completed 50% the video
* 75% completion rate: Percentage of viewers that completed 75% the video
* 100% completion rate: Percentage of viewers that completed 100% the video
* Control/Exposed Survey Methodology
* The goal behind this methodology is to determine if exposure (seeing an ad) changes consumer attitude, perception and intentions towards a brand in a material way. We also call this “brand lift”. The methodology itself is relatively straightforward. You ask a group of people exposed to the ad a question about the brand and then comparing their response to a control group of people who have similar interests/demographic characteristics, but did not see the ad. The hope is that the people exposed to the ad have a better perception of the brand, remember their slogan/message better, etc.

*Conversion Pixel*
Conversion pixels measure actions beyond click-through on an ad unit, such as completely loading the landing page, sign-ups, purchases or visiting a secondary landing page.

*Conversions*
When a prospective customer takes an action intended by the brand marketer (i.e. clicks to order product online)

*Cost Per Action (CPA)*
Clients only pay when a viewer performs an agreed upon action (such as clicks). This pricing model is used interchangeably with cost per click (CPC) and cost per engagement (CPE).

*Cost Per Click (CPC)*
Client only pays for click-throughs on the video unit. CPC can serve as a substitute for cost per view (CPV) in IO systems where the CPV model is not available.

*Cost Per Completed View (CPCV)*
Client only pays for views that are 100% completed. Commonly used for Pre-Roll units.

*Cost Per Engagement (CPE)*
Client only pays when viewer interacts with an overlay. Commonly used for Interactive Pre-Roll. This pricing model is used interchangeably with cost per click (CPC) and cost per action (CPA).

*Cost Per Thousand (CPM)*
Pricing model that charges for every one thousand impressions accrued

*Cost Per View (CPV)*
Client only pays for user-initiated views rather than impressions. Commonly used for user-initiated units such as Click to Play and Rollover to Play

*Curated Site List*
A list of sites tailored to a specific audience, vertical, brand or campaign

*Demographics*
The age, gender, household income, marital status, children and homeowner status of viewers

*eCPM*
Average CPM, or cost per thousand impressions; eCPM = (Total cost / Total impressions) x 1000

*Expandable CTP 728×90 banner*
Added value 728×90 banner space that accompanies Expandable Click to Play (CTP) units. The banner can have static image or Flash formatting and click through to a landing page.

*Fake Pre-roll*
Pre-roll video ads that automatically play in display banner space on low quality sites, often below the fold

*Feeds*
Inventory sources you can use based on relationships with publishers and clients to access exclusive inventory.

*Flight*
Period of time a campaign or ad runs

*Gross Rating Point*
GRPs are the standard currency that broadcast TV has used to plan, purchase and measure campaigns since the 1950s. The GRP represents a combination of reach (how many people saw an ad) and frequency (how many times, on average, did people see an ad). GRPs for TV broadcast are usually measured according to the households reached by an advertisement, typically within a target demographic (TGRP). As consumption of video has moved online, there have been many attempts to move GRPS to the online world.

*Impression*
An impression is generated each time the video player loads on the page

*Impression Pixels*
fire in the background to count an impression, a view (the video starting to play) or that the video has been viewed 25, 50, 75 or 100% of the way through. The viewer doesn’t see anything connected to the pixel.

*Innovid Engagement*
When a viewer rolls over or initiates the interactive overlay element of an Innovid Interactive Pre-Roll unit

*Insertion Order (IO)*
A contract agreeing to a specific set of terms under which a client will use the platform for a specific campaign in a defined timeframe. The IO documents billable items, contracted units and flight dates.

*Inventory Quality*
Every site accessed by our buying platform has been manually screened by a dedicated team and ranked into tiers by quality. Advertisers can choose which quality tiers they want to run on.

*Key Performance Indicator (KPI)*
A performance metric used to evaluate the success of a particular ad or campaign. These can be quantitative (such as impressions or clicks) or qualitative (for brand metrics, such as awareness, purchase intent, or brand lift).

*Neilsen OCR*
An online gross rating point (GRP) measurement metric that evaluates unique reach and frequency across online advertising campaigns. Measures the percentage of the target audience a campaign’s ad was able to reach. Allows agencies to use a metric they are accustomed to using from TV buys.

*Overlay*

* 300×60 Added value 300×60 video overlay that accompanies in-banner Click to Play, Rollover to Play and Branded Auto-Play units. The overlay can have static image or Flash formatting and click through to a landing page.

*Pixel*
A pixel is just a little piece of code. When something happens with a video ad – an impression, a click through, or a view, for example – this little piece of code tells your computer to send a message to another computer to record that it happened. It is a way to verify what’s happening with the campaign.

*Placement*
A set of parameters for a specific video ad or set of video ads that define where and when the ads should run. You can create unlimited placements for each campaign.

*Play time per view*
The average viewing time of the video(s), measured in seconds

*Private Exchange (PEX)*
Private exchanges allow publishers to create exclusive pools of video inventory, which approved advertisers can use to buy via real-time platforms. A private exchange offers the confidence of a direct buy combined with programmatic benefits like efficiency, streamlined workflow and centralized campaign analytics.

*Request for Proposal (RFP)*
Sent out by agencies seeking proposals for a video strategy to use in an upcoming campaign. The RFP identifies the brand’s goals and key performance indicators for the campaign. Additional parameters such as audience demographics, geography and site-level restrictions may also be outlined.

*Retargeting Pixel*
Used to retarget video ads to people who have previously seen a specific video ad or visited the brand’s site, landing page, and so on. Unlike the other types of pixels, retargeting pixels are usually created in Advertising CLoud, not provided by the client.

*Tags*
usually refer to third party code that contains both the creative (video, overlays, companions, and so on), as well as all of the necessary third party impression pixels and redirects. These enable you to skip the video upload stage and go straight to the ad creation step, but the downside is you can’t control the elements inside the tag, you just put them in the system and serve “as-is”.

*Third-party tracking pixel*
Pixels generated by third party vendors and provided by the client. Used to verify campaign delivery and performance in an external dashboard.

*Tier 1 Sites*
Premium sites; nationally recognizable publishers

*Tier 2 Sites*
Quality sites; high quality but less widely known, tend to be more niche

*Tier 3 Sites*
Legitimate and brand-safe sites that can be used for reach or data targeting buys

*Tier 4 Sites*
Not suitable for brand campaigns; some are known for auto-playing pre-roll in banner space or using other practices that go against search engine guidelines

*Un-tiered Sites*
New sites that have not yet been mapped

*Unique Viewers*
Number of different viewers (as measured by IP address) that were exposed to an ad

*VAST*
Video Ad Serving Template. See [https://www.iab.com/guidelines/digital-video-ad-serving-template-vast](https://www.iab.com/guidelines/digital-video-ad-serving-template-vast).

*VPAID*
Video Player Ad-Serving Interface Definition. See [https://www.iab.com/guidelines/digital-video-player-ad-interface-definition-vpaid-2-0](https://www.iab.com/guidelines/digital-video-player-ad-interface-definition-vpaid-2-0).

*View*
In-stream units: a view is a video player load; User-initiated units: a view is when a viewer initiates video play

Commit message:

added draft entries for deterministic data and probabilistic data

help/dsp/glossary.md, after:

---
title: Glossary
description: Glossary
---

# Glossary

<!-- See if anyone has anything to add, then edit. Although I could not worry about adding anything -- just make sure nothing is no longer relevant. -->

*Ad*
An ad is a video that has been uploaded and configured into a web-ready format of your choice. You can create a variety of ad units with a single video and add multiple features to it. Multiple ads of the same type can be added to a single placement.

*Below the fold*
Ads running below the area that viewers see when a page first loads – requires user to scroll down to view the ad

*Block list*
Websites and inventory on which ads are not permitted to be shown

*Brand lift*
The change in consumer attitude, perception and intentions towards a brand in a material way after viewing an ad

*Budget*
The amount of money or impressions specified for a campaign

*Click redirects*
Pixels that fire when someone clicks on an ad. These pixels do two things: they fire when the viewer clicks and they open a new tab or window with a destination page. If you don’t have third party pixels on a campaign, you need a URL to send the clicks to.

*Click-through*
When a viewer clicks on the video or banner to a landing page

*Click-through rate*
Percentage of total viewers that clicked through to a landing page. Click-through rate = (total clicks / total views) x 100

*Click-through URL*
The URL that viewers are redirected to when they click on an ad, companion banner or overlay

*Companion Banner*

* 300×250 Added value 300×250 banner space that accompanies some pre-roll units. The banner can have iFrame, HTML, static image or Flash formatting and click through to a landing page.
* 300×60 Added value 300×60 banner space that accompanies some YouTube pre-roll units. The banner can have iFrame, HTML, static image or Flash formatting and click through to a landing page.

*Completion Rate*
Percentage of total viewers that completed the video. Completion rate = (completed views / total views) x 100

* 25% completion rate: Percentage of viewers that completed 25% the video
* 50% completion rate: Percentage of viewers that completed 50% the video
* 75% completion rate: Percentage of viewers that completed 75% the video
* 100% completion rate: Percentage of viewers that completed 100% the video
* Control/Exposed Survey Methodology
* The goal behind this methodology is to determine if exposure (seeing an ad) changes consumer attitude, perception and intentions towards a brand in a material way. We also call this “brand lift”. The methodology itself is relatively straightforward. You ask a group of people exposed to the ad a question about the brand and then comparing their response to a control group of people who have similar interests/demographic characteristics, but did not see the ad. The hope is that the people exposed to the ad have a better perception of the brand, remember their slogan/message better, etc.

*Conversion Pixel*
Conversion pixels measure actions beyond click-through on an ad unit, such as completely loading the landing page, sign-ups, purchases or visiting a secondary landing page.

*Conversions*
When a prospective customer takes an action intended by the brand marketer (i.e. clicks to order product online)

*Cost Per Action (CPA)*
Clients only pay when a viewer performs an agreed upon action (such as clicks). This pricing model is used interchangeably with cost per click (CPC) and cost per engagement (CPE).

*Cost Per Click (CPC)*
Client only pays for click-throughs on the video unit. CPC can serve as a substitute for cost per view (CPV) in IO systems where the CPV model is not available.

*Cost Per Completed View (CPCV)*
Client only pays for views that are 100% completed. Commonly used for Pre-Roll units.

*Cost Per Engagement (CPE)*
Client only pays when viewer interacts with an overlay. Commonly used for Interactive Pre-Roll. This pricing model is used interchangeably with cost per click (CPC) and cost per action (CPA).

*Cost Per Thousand (CPM)*
Pricing model that charges for every one thousand impressions accrued

*Cost Per View (CPV)*
Client only pays for user-initiated views rather than impressions. Commonly used for user-initiated units such as Click to Play and Rollover to Play

*Curated site list*
A list of sites tailored to a specific audience, vertical, brand or campaign

*Demographics*
The age, gender, household income, marital status, children and homeowner status of viewers

*Deterministic data*<!-- pulled from 2016 Tube blog; edit, and possibly change focus to "XX audience targeting" (also do the same for "probabilistic data") -->
Audience targeting based on data that the user supplied dDies then match cookies or mobile IDs to commonly used identifiers such as names, email addresses, birth
dates, and phone numbers to build audience targeting data. Additional user information, behaviors and traits are
also then linked to these consumers. All personally identifiable information (PII) is encrypted along the way to
protect consumer privacy.
Deterministic data can be built from online surveys, e-commerce purchase portals, software platforms and social
media channels like Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. A good example of this is Facebook’s “people-based
marketing”, where advertisers are able to target Facebook and Instagram users based on user inputted profile
information, liked content, interests and more. <!-- Copied directly from another website web, so edit anything I use: Deterministic data: Information about people that is known for sure  Deterministic data is digital facts about people that we trust are 100% true. Crucially, these facts will never change and the probability that they are true will always be 100%, thus they provide a solid foundation for a multitude of applications in online marketing. For example, if we know from a reliable source that a person was a 20 year old female last year then that will always be true. We can even be clever and deduce that this year the person is a 21 year old female. -->

*eCPM*
Average CPM, or cost per thousand impressions; eCPM = (Total cost / Total impressions) x 1000

*Expandable CTP 728×90 banner*
Added value 728×90 banner space that accompanies Expandable Click to Play (CTP) units. The banner can have static image or Flash formatting and click through to a landing page.

*Fake Pre-roll*
Pre-roll video ads that automatically play in display banner space on low quality sites, often below the fold

*Feeds*
Inventory sources you can use based on relationships with publishers and clients to access exclusive inventory.

*Flight*
Period of time a campaign or ad runs

*Gross Rating Point*
GRPs are the standard currency that broadcast TV has used to plan, purchase and measure campaigns since the 1950s. The GRP represents a combination of reach (how many people saw an ad) and frequency (how many times, on average, did people see an ad). GRPs for TV broadcast are usually measured according to the households reached by an advertisement, typically within a target demographic (TGRP). As consumption of video has moved online, there have been many attempts to move GRPS to the online world.

*Impression*
An impression is generated each time the video player loads on the page

*Impression Pixels*
fire in the background to count an impression, a view (the video starting to play) or that the video has been viewed 25, 50, 75 or 100% of the way through. The viewer doesn’t see anything connected to the pixel.

*Innovid Engagement*
When a viewer rolls over or initiates the interactive overlay element of an Innovid Interactive Pre-Roll unit

*Insertion Order (IO)*
A contract agreeing to a specific set of terms under which a client will use the platform for a specific campaign in a defined timeframe. The IO documents billable items, contracted units and flight dates.

*Inventory Quality*
Every site accessed by our buying platform has been manually screened by a dedicated team and ranked into tiers by quality. Advertisers can choose which quality tiers they want to run on.

*Key Performance Indicator (KPI)*
A performance metric used to evaluate the success of a particular ad or campaign. These can be quantitative (such as impressions or clicks) or qualitative (for brand metrics, such as awareness, purchase intent, or brand lift).

*Neilsen OCR*
An online gross rating point (GRP) measurement metric that evaluates unique reach and frequency across online advertising campaigns. Measures the percentage of the target audience a campaign’s ad was able to reach. Allows agencies to use a metric they are accustomed to using from TV buys.

*Overlay*

* 300×60 Added value 300×60 video overlay that accompanies in-banner Click to Play, Rollover to Play and Branded Auto-Play units. The overlay can have static image or Flash formatting and click through to a landing page.

*Pixel*
A pixel is just a little piece of code. When something happens with a video ad – an impression, a click through, or a view, for example – this little piece of code tells your computer to send a message to another computer to record that it happened. It is a way to verify what’s happening with the campaign.

*Placement*
A set of parameters for a specific video ad or set of video ads that define where and when the ads should run. You can create unlimited placements for each campaign.

*Play time per view*
The average viewing time of the video(s), measured in seconds

*Private Exchange (PEX)*
Private exchanges allow publishers to create exclusive pools of video inventory, which approved advertisers can use to buy via real-time platforms. A private exchange offers the confidence of a direct buy combined with programmatic benefits like efficiency, streamlined workflow and centralized campaign analytics.

*Probabilistic data*<!-- pulled from 2016 Tube blog; edit, and possibly change focus to "XX audience targeting" -->
Probabilistic data means an audience group with a high probability to be accurately
profiled. Probabilistic data has its roots in a subset of deterministic data in which data scientists then model off of
to build a larger group of targeted audiences. They do this by observing relational patterns from multiple datasets
and segmenting these out as the larger look-a-like groupings.
To give an example of this, a data provider might take anonymized PII like website visitor data, purchasing data,
household financial income and device IDs to come up with a persona for in-market Toyota Prius buyers. They
then score the entire populous of cookie IDs or device IDs on how closely each profiles matches up with the
persona characteristics. And finally, audience groups are built by including the highest scoring profiles that match
the persona.

*Request for Proposal (RFP)*
Sent out by agencies seeking proposals for a video strategy to use in an upcoming campaign. The RFP identifies the brand’s goals and key performance indicators for the campaign. Additional parameters such as audience demographics, geography and site-level restrictions may also be outlined.

*Retargeting Pixel*
Used to retarget video ads to people who have previously seen a specific video ad or visited the brand’s site, landing page, and so on. Unlike the other types of pixels, retargeting pixels are usually created in Advertising CLoud, not provided by the client.

*Tags*
usually refer to third party code that contains both the creative (video, overlays, companions, and so on), as well as all of the necessary third party impression pixels and redirects. These enable you to skip the video upload stage and go straight to the ad creation step, but the downside is you can’t control the elements inside the tag, you just put them in the system and serve “as-is”.

*Third-party tracking pixel*
Pixels generated by third party vendors and provided by the client. Used to verify campaign delivery and performance in an external dashboard.

*Tier 1 Sites*
Premium sites; nationally recognizable publishers

*Tier 2 Sites*
Quality sites; high quality but less widely known, tend to be more niche

*Tier 3 Sites*
Legitimate and brand-safe sites that can be used for reach or data targeting buys

*Tier 4 Sites*
Not suitable for brand campaigns; some are known for auto-playing pre-roll in banner space or using other practices that go against search engine guidelines

*Un-tiered Sites*
New sites that have not yet been mapped

*Unique Viewers*
Number of different viewers (as measured by IP address) that were exposed to an ad

*VAST*
Video Ad Serving Template. See [https://www.iab.com/guidelines/digital-video-ad-serving-template-vast](https://www.iab.com/guidelines/digital-video-ad-serving-template-vast).

*VPAID*
Video Player Ad-Serving Interface Definition. See [https://www.iab.com/guidelines/digital-video-player-ad-interface-definition-vpaid-2-0](https://www.iab.com/guidelines/digital-video-player-ad-interface-definition-vpaid-2-0).

*View*
In-stream units: a view is a video player load; User-initiated units: a view is when a viewer initiates video play
