help/dsp/home.md, before:

---
title: What's New in Advertising Cloud DSP
description: This page describes new and recently-changed features in Advertising Cloud DSP.
feature: new features
index: yes
exl-id: d4b67393-e8c5-4170-92eb-bcf643ba3ec3
---
# What's New

The following features are new or recently changed.

| Date | Feature | Description | For More Information |
| ---- | ------- | ----------- | -------------------- |
| 26 May 2021 | Help | The chapter "Integrations with Adobe Experience Cloud" is now a separate guide, available from the [Advertising Cloud documentation homepage](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/advertising-cloud.html). The new guide includes a new subchapter on "Working in Adobe Analytics Marketing Channels."<br>The table of contents for this DSP Guide includes a link to the new guide. | See "[Integrations with Adobe Experience Cloud](/help/integrations/home.md)." |
| 24 May 2021 | Help | In the "Campaign Management" chapter, new topics are available on how to review and edit key placement settings for a campaign using Excel QA spreadsheets. | See "[About Correcting Placement Settings for a Campaign Using Spreadsheets](/help/dsp/campaign-management/qa/qa-about.md), "[Download Placement Settings for a Campaign](/help/dsp/campaign-management/qa/qa-sheet-download.md)," "[Upload Placement Settings for a Campaign](/help/dsp/campaign-management/qa/qa-sheet-upload.md), and "[Columns in Downloaded/Uploaded Spreadsheets](/help/dsp/campaign-management/qa/qa-sheet-columns.md). |
| 5 May 2021 | Package Settings | A new Pacing Fill Strategy option, 'Slightly Ahead," is available and is the default for new packages. This strategy accelerates delivery so that it’s 55-65% complete halfway through the flight duration. | See "[Package Settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/packages/package-settings.md)." |
| 17 March 2021 | Help | The "Campaign Management" chapter has been expanded to include many more procedures and references. | In the table of contents, open the "Campaign Management" chapter and subsections. |
| 10 March 2021 | Inventory | You can no longer create Smart Ad Serving deals using VAST tags. Instead, ask your publisher if they can run your private deal via a deal ID. You can import deal IDs directly from the publisher using the Deal ID Inbox or enter your deal details manually.<br><br>Your existing Smart Ad Serving deals are still available but will be sunset later this year. | See "[About the Deal ID Inbox](/help/dsp/inventory/deal-id-inbox-about.md)" and "[Manually Create Deal ID Details](/help/dsp/inventory/deal-id-create.md)" |
| 25 February 2021 | Help | Documentation about Analytics for Advertising Cloud, which integrates Adobe Analytics and Adobe Advertising Cloud, is available. | For an overview of the integration, see "[Overview of Analytics for Advertising Cloud](/help/integrations/analytics/overview.md)." For the full documentation, see the chapter on "Integrations with Adobe Experience Cloud" > "Analytics for Advertising Cloud." |
| 28 October 2020 | New Help | The legacy help was replaced with updated pages, which are available from the Help link in the DSP main menu and are also available at all times from [https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/advertising-cloud/dsp/home.html](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/advertising-cloud/dsp/home.html). | &mdash; |
|  | Campaigns | The previous Campaigns Beta views are now the default Campaigns views, for quicker insights, simplified workflows, and customized views.<br><br>The new Campaigns views include:<ul><li>New navigation. You can view a list of all campaigns within your account. Within a campaign, you can filter data based on the campaign entity: Packages, Placements, and Ads.<br><br>![Campaign entity tabs](/help/dsp/assets/campaign-subtabs.png)</li><li>Data visualizations that allow you to compare up to three metrics.<br><br>![separate trend charts for three metrics](/help/dsp/assets/trend-chart-separate.png)</li><li>The ability to create and manage custom column views, with predefined Pacing and Performance views.<br><br>![column view selector](/help/dsp/assets/column-view-selector.png)</li><li>Upgraded search and filtering.</li></ul><br>The legacy Campaigns Classic views are still available from the profile menu in the upper right. To open the Campaigns Classic views, click **Switch to Campaigns Classic**.<br><br>![link to Campaigns Classic](/help/dsp/assets/switch-campaigns-classic.png)<br><br>To return to Campaigns Home, click **Exit Classic**. | See "[About In-Platform Reports](/help/dsp/campaign-management/reports/campaign-reports-about.md)."<br><br>See also "[About the Campaign Data Views](/help/dsp/campaign-management/reports/campaign-data-views-about.md)." |
|  | Placements | The option to include manual Bidding Rules was removed so that DSP optimization can do the work for you. All existing Max Bids based on recency are now automatically optimized. | &mdash; |
|  |  | To improve overall performance, you can no longer base dayparting on the viewer's time zone. Instead, all dayparting is now based on the campaign's time zone.​ | See "[Placement Settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/placements/placement-settings.md)." |
|15 October 2020 | Private Inventory | All users can now set up and edit deal ID details using a new deal ID form, which is a simplified version of the legacy [!UICONTROL Smart Ad Serving] form. To set up new deal ID details, go to [!UICONTROL Inventory] > [!UICONTROL Deals], click [!UICONTROL Create], and then click [!UICONTROL Deal ID Beta]. | See "[Manually Create Deal ID Details](/help/dsp/inventory/deal-id-create.md)" and "[Manual Deal ID Settings](/help/dsp/inventory/deal-id-settings.md)." |
| | Placement Forecasting | For placements with placement-level pacing, the [!UICONTROL Forecast] section of the placement settings includes a new [!UICONTROL Estimated Maximums] section, which indicates how much more capacity is available with the current targeting configuration. | &mdash; |
| 2 September 2020 | Reports | Any organization with multiple DSP accounts can optionally enable cross-account data in custom reports, according to the organization's needs. | See the "Cross-Account Reporting" section in "[About Custom Reports](/help/dsp/reports/report-about.md#cross-account-reporting)." |

Commit message:

added link to health segment guidelines

help/dsp/home.md, after:

---
title: What's New in Advertising Cloud DSP
description: This page describes new and recently-changed features in Advertising Cloud DSP.
feature: new features
index: yes
exl-id: d4b67393-e8c5-4170-92eb-bcf643ba3ec3
---
# What's New

The following features are new or recently changed.

| Date | Feature | Description | For More Information |
| ---- | ------- | ----------- | -------------------- |
| 27 May 2021 | Help | Guidelines are available for acceptable health-related audience segments and tactics to use as alternatives to targeting health-related audience segments. | See "[Acceptable Health Segment Guidelines](/help/dsp/introduction/health-segment-guidelines.md)." |
| 26 May 2021 | Help | The chapter "Integrations with Adobe Experience Cloud" is now a separate guide, available from the [Advertising Cloud documentation homepage](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/advertising-cloud.html). The new guide includes a new subchapter on "Working in Adobe Analytics Marketing Channels."<br>The table of contents for this DSP Guide includes a link to the new guide. | See "[Integrations with Adobe Experience Cloud](/help/integrations/home.md)." |
| 24 May 2021 | Help | In the "Campaign Management" chapter, new topics are available on how to review and edit key placement settings for a campaign using Excel QA spreadsheets. | See "[About Correcting Placement Settings for a Campaign Using Spreadsheets](/help/dsp/campaign-management/qa/qa-about.md), "[Download Placement Settings for a Campaign](/help/dsp/campaign-management/qa/qa-sheet-download.md)," "[Upload Placement Settings for a Campaign](/help/dsp/campaign-management/qa/qa-sheet-upload.md), and "[Columns in Downloaded/Uploaded Spreadsheets](/help/dsp/campaign-management/qa/qa-sheet-columns.md). |
| 5 May 2021 | Package Settings | A new Pacing Fill Strategy option, 'Slightly Ahead," is available and is the default for new packages. This strategy accelerates delivery so that it’s 55-65% complete halfway through the flight duration. | See "[Package Settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/packages/package-settings.md)." |
| 17 March 2021 | Help | The "Campaign Management" chapter has been expanded to include many more procedures and references. | In the table of contents, open the "Campaign Management" chapter and subsections. |
| 10 March 2021 | Inventory | You can no longer create Smart Ad Serving deals using VAST tags. Instead, ask your publisher if they can run your private deal via a deal ID. You can import deal IDs directly from the publisher using the Deal ID Inbox or enter your deal details manually.<br><br>Your existing Smart Ad Serving deals are still available but will be sunset later this year. | See "[About the Deal ID Inbox](/help/dsp/inventory/deal-id-inbox-about.md)" and "[Manually Create Deal ID Details](/help/dsp/inventory/deal-id-create.md)" |
| 25 February 2021 | Help | Documentation about Analytics for Advertising Cloud, which integrates Adobe Analytics and Adobe Advertising Cloud, is available. | For an overview of the integration, see "[Overview of Analytics for Advertising Cloud](/help/integrations/analytics/overview.md)." For the full documentation, see the chapter on "Integrations with Adobe Experience Cloud" > "Analytics for Advertising Cloud." |
| 28 October 2020 | New Help | The legacy help was replaced with updated pages, which are available from the Help link in the DSP main menu and are also available at all times from [https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/advertising-cloud/dsp/home.html](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/advertising-cloud/dsp/home.html). | &mdash; |
|  | Campaigns | The previous Campaigns Beta views are now the default Campaigns views, for quicker insights, simplified workflows, and customized views.<br><br>The new Campaigns views include:<ul><li>New navigation. You can view a list of all campaigns within your account. Within a campaign, you can filter data based on the campaign entity: Packages, Placements, and Ads.<br><br>![Campaign entity tabs](/help/dsp/assets/campaign-subtabs.png)</li><li>Data visualizations that allow you to compare up to three metrics.<br><br>![separate trend charts for three metrics](/help/dsp/assets/trend-chart-separate.png)</li><li>The ability to create and manage custom column views, with predefined Pacing and Performance views.<br><br>![column view selector](/help/dsp/assets/column-view-selector.png)</li><li>Upgraded search and filtering.</li></ul><br>The legacy Campaigns Classic views are still available from the profile menu in the upper right. To open the Campaigns Classic views, click **Switch to Campaigns Classic**.<br><br>![link to Campaigns Classic](/help/dsp/assets/switch-campaigns-classic.png)<br><br>To return to Campaigns Home, click **Exit Classic**. | See "[About In-Platform Reports](/help/dsp/campaign-management/reports/campaign-reports-about.md)."<br><br>See also "[About the Campaign Data Views](/help/dsp/campaign-management/reports/campaign-data-views-about.md)." |
|  | Placements | The option to include manual Bidding Rules was removed so that DSP optimization can do the work for you. All existing Max Bids based on recency are now automatically optimized. | &mdash; |
|  |  | To improve overall performance, you can no longer base dayparting on the viewer's time zone. Instead, all dayparting is now based on the campaign's time zone.​ | See "[Placement Settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/placements/placement-settings.md)." |
|15 October 2020 | Private Inventory | All users can now set up and edit deal ID details using a new deal ID form, which is a simplified version of the legacy [!UICONTROL Smart Ad Serving] form. To set up new deal ID details, go to [!UICONTROL Inventory] > [!UICONTROL Deals], click [!UICONTROL Create], and then click [!UICONTROL Deal ID Beta]. | See "[Manually Create Deal ID Details](/help/dsp/inventory/deal-id-create.md)" and "[Manual Deal ID Settings](/help/dsp/inventory/deal-id-settings.md)." |
| | Placement Forecasting | For placements with placement-level pacing, the [!UICONTROL Forecast] section of the placement settings includes a new [!UICONTROL Estimated Maximums] section, which indicates how much more capacity is available with the current targeting configuration. | &mdash; |
| 2 September 2020 | Reports | Any organization with multiple DSP accounts can optionally enable cross-account data in custom reports, according to the organization's needs. | See the "Cross-Account Reporting" section in "[About Custom Reports](/help/dsp/reports/report-about.md#cross-account-reporting)." |
