help/dsp/introduction/advanced-measurement-services.md, before:

---
title: Available Advanced Measurement Services
description: Available Advanced Measurement Services
exl-id: 1a8b76ee-d38d-4ee4-981b-e29497fa4095
---
# Available Advanced Measurement Services

<!-- Probably need to rename this. -->

The advanced measurement and strategy team helps customers deploy curated targeting strategies using a sophisticated measurement framework, making it easy for brands to connect their media decisions to key metrics that drive their business. The team can help you to:

* Access sophisticated campaign strategies curated by a team of experts
* Uplevel your campaign storytelling with packaged reporting solutions
* Evolve your advertising practice by learning and improving over time

The following measurement solution packages are available to validate the success of your ad campaigns:

* Household- and People-Based Reach and Frequency
* Web Conversions
* Experiments
* Offline Sales Optimization
* Foot Traffic Measurement
* Transaction Measurement and Insights
* In-Segment Reach
* Panel-Based Surveys
* Exposure File Passing

To learn more about leveraging advanced measurement services to create a custom learning agenda for your campaign, contact your Adobe Client Services team.

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/introduction/advanced-measurement-services.md, after:

---
title: Available Advanced Measurement Services
description: See a list of the available services for advanced measurement.
feature: advanced measurement services
exl-id: 1a8b76ee-d38d-4ee4-981b-e29497fa4095
---
# Available Advanced Measurement Services

<!-- Probably need to rename this. -->

The advanced measurement and strategy team helps customers deploy curated targeting strategies using a sophisticated measurement framework, making it easy for brands to connect their media decisions to key metrics that drive their business. The team can help you to:

* Access sophisticated campaign strategies curated by a team of experts
* Uplevel your campaign storytelling with packaged reporting solutions
* Evolve your advertising practice by learning and improving over time

The following measurement solution packages are available to validate the success of your ad campaigns:

* Household- and People-Based Reach and Frequency
* Web Conversions
* Experiments
* Offline Sales Optimization
* Foot Traffic Measurement
* Transaction Measurement and Insights
* In-Segment Reach
* Panel-Based Surveys
* Exposure File Passing

To learn more about leveraging advanced measurement services to create a custom learning agenda for your campaign, contact your Adobe Client Services team.
