help/dsp/introduction/data-usage-guidelines.md, before:

---
title: Adobe Advertising Cloud Data Usage Guidelines
description: Adobe Advertising Cloud Data Usage Guidelines
exl-id: c3f68457-92c6-472a-93f4-cce9aeaecc53
---
# Adobe Advertising Cloud Data Usage Guidelines

*Last Updated: September 5, 2019*

These Data Usage Guidelines (“Data Guidelines”) set forth the requirements for the use of certain data accessed via Adobe’s On-demand Services for Advertising Cloud ("Services”). These Guidelines are incorporated by reference into the Agreement between Adobe and the Customer using the On-demand Services. Capitalized terms used in these Guidelines but not defined herein will have the meaning set forth in that Agreement.

Adobe reserves the right to determine, in its sole judgment, whether Customer’s use of data violates these Guidelines.

## Use of TruSignal Data

TruSignal Data can’t be used for the following: (1) any permissible purpose or adverse action as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (as may be amended from time to time); (2) the renegotiating or restructuring of debt; or (3) facilitating any advertising for adult entertainment, pornography, sex toys, exotic dancing, firearms, illegal gambling, or any other product or service that is illegal, including without limitation to discriminate on the basis of race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, or in any way that could be deemed unfair under applicable law; and (4) for the purposes of (a) employment eligibility, (b) credit eligibility, (c) health care eligibility, or (d) insurance eligibility underwriting and pricing.

In addition, TruSignal Data can’t be: (1) decompiled, disassembled, used to create derivative works, or reverse engineered; or (2) sublicensed, resold, reused, or otherwise granted any rights in to any third party, including any service bureau use.

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/introduction/data-usage-guidelines.md, after:

---
title: Adobe Advertising Cloud Data Usage Guidelines
description: See the guidelines for data usage.
feature: policies
exl-id: c3f68457-92c6-472a-93f4-cce9aeaecc53
---
# Adobe Advertising Cloud Data Usage Guidelines

*Last Updated: September 5, 2019*

These Data Usage Guidelines (“Data Guidelines”) set forth the requirements for the use of certain data accessed via Adobe’s On-demand Services for Advertising Cloud ("Services”). These Guidelines are incorporated by reference into the Agreement between Adobe and the Customer using the On-demand Services. Capitalized terms used in these Guidelines but not defined herein will have the meaning set forth in that Agreement.

Adobe reserves the right to determine, in its sole judgment, whether Customer’s use of data violates these Guidelines.

## Use of TruSignal Data

TruSignal Data can’t be used for the following: (1) any permissible purpose or adverse action as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (as may be amended from time to time); (2) the renegotiating or restructuring of debt; or (3) facilitating any advertising for adult entertainment, pornography, sex toys, exotic dancing, firearms, illegal gambling, or any other product or service that is illegal, including without limitation to discriminate on the basis of race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, or in any way that could be deemed unfair under applicable law; and (4) for the purposes of (a) employment eligibility, (b) credit eligibility, (c) health care eligibility, or (d) insurance eligibility underwriting and pricing.

In addition, TruSignal Data can’t be: (1) decompiled, disassembled, used to create derivative works, or reverse engineered; or (2) sublicensed, resold, reused, or otherwise granted any rights in to any third party, including any service bureau use.
