help/dsp/optimization/optimization-pre-bid-filters.md, before:

---
title: Placement-level Pre-Bid Filters and How to Use Them
description: Placement-level Pre-Bid Filters and How to Use Them
exl-id: c699e970-84ca-429b-8062-81804e6c9f21
---
# Placement-level Pre-Bid Filters and How to Use Them

| Pre-Bid Filter | Description | When to Use This Filter|
| ---------------| ----------- | ---------------------- |
| [!UICONTROL Click Through Rate] | Sets a minimum prediction threshold for the probability that an auction will result in a clickthrough. For example, if you set the threshold to 0.1%, then you won't bid on an auction unless the predicted probability of a click is greater than or equal to 0.1%.<br><br><b>Note:</b> Filters are applied before optimization goals. As a result, very strict filters can prevent spend. | Use when you have a minimum KPI goal for clickthrough rate (CTR) and don't want to spend your budget when the CTR is below the threshold. This filter can be quite restrictive, so it's important to set realistic goals. Depending on other restrictions on the placement, a goal of .03-.07% is generally a good starting point. You can optimize this at the site level as needed to help improve metrics.<br><br>If your goal is to achieve a minimum CTR and the best possible CPM, then the recommended setup is to combine a Click Through Rate filter with the optimization goal "Lowest CPM." If your goal is a Maximum CPM with no real benefit for overachieving, and a minimum CTR, then pairing a Click Through Rate filter with the optimization goal "Always Max Bid + Highest CTR" may be more appropriate. |
| [!UICONTROL 100% Completion Rate] | Sets a required minimum completion rate that must be met before you bid on an impression. | Use this filter when the campaign's main goal is completion rates. Factor in other targeting parameters, but 65% is the recommended starting percentage. |
| [!UICONTROL Player Size - Adobe] | Sets a required minimum player size, using data from Advertising Cloud DSP. You'll bid on an impression when the Player Size threshold is met. | Use to ensure you're delivering on full-episode player inventory using data from DSP. |
| [!UICONTROL Player Size 3rdParty (Moat/IAS)] | Sets a required minimum player size, using data from Moat or Integral Ad Science (IAS). You'll bid on an impression when the Player Size threshold is met. | Use to ensure you're delivering on full-episode player inventory using platform-wide Moat or Integral Ad Science (IAS) data.<br><br><b>Note:</b> Use this filter only when the campaign is configured to use MOAT or IAS data. |
| [!UICONTROL Viewability IAS] | Sets a required minimum viewability percentage, using historical data from IAS. You'll bid on an impression when the specified threshold is met. | This filter works best as more data is pulled in through a campaign-level IAS integration.<br><br>When the campaign is configured to use IAS data, the best practice is to use this filter with the package optimization goal "Lowest vCPM (IAS)." If the integration isn't enabled, use this filter with the optimization goal "Lowest CPM." |
| [!UICONTROL Viewability Moat] | Sets a required minimum viewability percentage, using historical data from MOAT. You'll bid on an impression when the specified threshold is met. | This filter works best as more data is pulled in through a campaign-level MOAT integration.<br><br>When the campaign is configured to use MOAT data, the best practice is to use the package optimization goal "Lowest vCPM (Moat)." If the integration isn't enabled, use this filter with the optimization goal "Lowest CPM." |
| [!UICONTROL Viewability Adobe (MRC or GroupM)] | Sets a required minimum viewability percentage, using Advertising Cloud DSP viewability numbers and measurements. You'll bid on an impression when the specified threshold is met.<br><br><b>Notes:</b><ul><li>If the campaign's Viewability Sensitivity setting is "Standard (50% of ad in view for 2 consecutive seconds),” then the Media Rating Council (MRC) viewability measurement standard is used for the campaign. If the Viewability Sensitivity setting is “Strict (100% of ad in view & audio on for 50% duration)” then the GroupM viewability measurement standard is used for the campaign.</li><li>Adobe measurement definitions differ from third-party definitions, so there may be slight discrepancies with third-party data.</li></ul> | The best practice is to match the optimization goal and any pre-bid filter settings with the campaign's Viewability Sensitivity setting. |

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [How DSP Optimizes Your Campaigns](optimization-how-dsp-optimizes-campaigns.md)
>* [Package Settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/packages/package-settings.md)
>* [Placement Settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/placements/placement-settings.md)
>* [Campaign Settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/campaigns/campaign-settings.md)
>* [Optimization Goals and How to Use Them](optimization-goals.md)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/optimization/optimization-pre-bid-filters.md, after:

---
title: Placement-level Pre-Bid Filters and How to Use Them
description: Reference the available placement-level pre-bid filters and see how to use them.
feature: optimization
exl-id: c699e970-84ca-429b-8062-81804e6c9f21
---
# Placement-level Pre-Bid Filters and How to Use Them

| Pre-Bid Filter | Description | When to Use This Filter|
| ---------------| ----------- | ---------------------- |
| [!UICONTROL Click Through Rate] | Sets a minimum prediction threshold for the probability that an auction will result in a clickthrough. For example, if you set the threshold to 0.1%, then you won't bid on an auction unless the predicted probability of a click is greater than or equal to 0.1%.<br><br><b>Note:</b> Filters are applied before optimization goals. As a result, very strict filters can prevent spend. | Use when you have a minimum KPI goal for clickthrough rate (CTR) and don't want to spend your budget when the CTR is below the threshold. This filter can be quite restrictive, so it's important to set realistic goals. Depending on other restrictions on the placement, a goal of .03-.07% is generally a good starting point. You can optimize this at the site level as needed to help improve metrics.<br><br>If your goal is to achieve a minimum CTR and the best possible CPM, then the recommended setup is to combine a Click Through Rate filter with the optimization goal "Lowest CPM." If your goal is a Maximum CPM with no real benefit for overachieving, and a minimum CTR, then pairing a Click Through Rate filter with the optimization goal "Always Max Bid + Highest CTR" may be more appropriate. |
| [!UICONTROL 100% Completion Rate] | Sets a required minimum completion rate that must be met before you bid on an impression. | Use this filter when the campaign's main goal is completion rates. Factor in other targeting parameters, but 65% is the recommended starting percentage. |
| [!UICONTROL Player Size - Adobe] | Sets a required minimum player size, using data from Advertising Cloud DSP. You'll bid on an impression when the Player Size threshold is met. | Use to ensure you're delivering on full-episode player inventory using data from DSP. |
| [!UICONTROL Player Size 3rdParty (Moat/IAS)] | Sets a required minimum player size, using data from Moat or Integral Ad Science (IAS). You'll bid on an impression when the Player Size threshold is met. | Use to ensure you're delivering on full-episode player inventory using platform-wide Moat or Integral Ad Science (IAS) data.<br><br><b>Note:</b> Use this filter only when the campaign is configured to use MOAT or IAS data. |
| [!UICONTROL Viewability IAS] | Sets a required minimum viewability percentage, using historical data from IAS. You'll bid on an impression when the specified threshold is met. | This filter works best as more data is pulled in through a campaign-level IAS integration.<br><br>When the campaign is configured to use IAS data, the best practice is to use this filter with the package optimization goal "Lowest vCPM (IAS)." If the integration isn't enabled, use this filter with the optimization goal "Lowest CPM." |
| [!UICONTROL Viewability Moat] | Sets a required minimum viewability percentage, using historical data from MOAT. You'll bid on an impression when the specified threshold is met. | This filter works best as more data is pulled in through a campaign-level MOAT integration.<br><br>When the campaign is configured to use MOAT data, the best practice is to use the package optimization goal "Lowest vCPM (Moat)." If the integration isn't enabled, use this filter with the optimization goal "Lowest CPM." |
| [!UICONTROL Viewability Adobe (MRC or GroupM)] | Sets a required minimum viewability percentage, using Advertising Cloud DSP viewability numbers and measurements. You'll bid on an impression when the specified threshold is met.<br><br><b>Notes:</b><ul><li>If the campaign's Viewability Sensitivity setting is "Standard (50% of ad in view for 2 consecutive seconds),” then the Media Rating Council (MRC) viewability measurement standard is used for the campaign. If the Viewability Sensitivity setting is “Strict (100% of ad in view & audio on for 50% duration)” then the GroupM viewability measurement standard is used for the campaign.</li><li>Adobe measurement definitions differ from third-party definitions, so there may be slight discrepancies with third-party data.</li></ul> | The best practice is to match the optimization goal and any pre-bid filter settings with the campaign's Viewability Sensitivity setting. |

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [How DSP Optimizes Your Campaigns](optimization-how-dsp-optimizes-campaigns.md)
>* [Package Settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/packages/package-settings.md)
>* [Placement Settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/placements/placement-settings.md)
>* [Campaign Settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/campaigns/campaign-settings.md)
>* [Optimization Goals and How to Use Them](optimization-goals.md)
