help/dsp/optimization/optimization-goals.md, before:

---
title: Optimization Goals and How to Use Them
description: Optimization Goals and How to Use Them
exl-id: 9bca09b5-9aa7-4009-a576-9b30cfddfd55
---
# Optimization Goals and How to Use Them

| Optimization Goal | Description  | When to Use This Goal |
| -----------| ---------- | ---------- |
| [!UICONTROL Always Max Bid & Highest Clickthrough Rate] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize  placements with the highest clickthrough rates.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize CTR if spend goals are being met. The bid submitted will always be the set Max Bid, but the predicted CTR threshold will become stricter if a placement is spending well. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Highest Clickthrough Rate<br><br>Ad types: Pre-roll, Display<br><br><b>Note:</b> Use this goal if you have a fixed CPM goal that doesn't need to be surpassed and a CTR goal that needs to be maximized. Set the Max Bid to the desired CPM goal, and DSP will achieve the best possible CTR while attempting to spend the full budget. |
| [!UICONTROL Always Max Bid & Highest Completion Rate] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the highest completion rates.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize Completion Rate if spend goals are being met. The bid submitted will always be the set Max Bid, but the predicted Completion Rate threshold will become stricter if a placement is spending well. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Highest Completion Rate<br><br>Ad types: Pre-roll only<br><br><b>Note:</b> Use this goal if you have a fixed CPM goal that doesn't need to be surpassed and a Completion Rate goal that needs to be maximized. Set the Max Bid to the desired CPM goal, and DSP will achieve the best possible Completion Rate while attempting to spend the full budget. |
| [!UICONTROL Always Max Bid & Highest Engagement Rate] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the highest engagement rates.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize engagement rate if spend goals are being met. The bid submitted will always be the set Max Bid, but the predicted engagement rate threshold will become stricter if a placement is spending well. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Highest Engagement Rate<br><br>Ad types: Mobile Interstitial only<br><br><b>Note:</b> Use this goal if you have a fixed CPM goal that doesn't need to be surpassed and an engagement goal that needs to be maximized. Set the Max Bid to the desired CPM goal, and DSP will achieve the best possible engagement rate while attempting to spend the full budget. |
| [!UICONTROL Always Max Bid & Highest Viewability Rate (Adobe – GroupM)] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the highest viewability rates.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize viewability rate if spend goals are being met. The bid submitted will always be the set Max Bid, but the predicted viewability rate threshold will become stricter if a placement is spending well. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Highest Viewability Rate<br><br>Ad types: Interactive Pre-roll only<br><br><b>Note:</b> This goal will always use the placement-level Max Bid.<br><br>If the campaign's Viewability Sensitivity setting is set to “Standard (50% of ad in view for 2 consecutive seconds),” then the Media Rating Council (MRC) viewability measurement standard is used for the campaign. If the campaign is set to “Strict (100% of ad in view & audio on for 50% duration)” then the GroupM viewability measurement standard is used for the campaign. Ideally, you should match the campaign setting with the optimization goal and pre-bid filter settings. |
| [!UICONTROL Always Max Bid & Highest Viewability Rate (Adobe – MRC)] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the highest viewability rates.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize viewability rate if spend goals are being met. The bid submitted will always be the set Max Bid, but the predicted viewability rate threshold will become stricter if a placement is spending well. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Highest Viewability Rate<br><br>Ad types: Interactive Pre-roll only<br><br><b>Note:</b> This goal will always use the placement-level Max Bid.<br><br>If the campaign's Viewability Sensitivity setting is set to “Standard (50% of ad in view for 2 consecutive seconds),” then the Media Rating Council (MRC) viewability measurement standard is used for the campaign. If the campaign is set to “Strict (100% of ad in view & audio on for 50% duration)” then the GroupM viewability measurement standard is used for the campaign. Ideally, you should match the campaign setting with the optimization goal and pre-bid filter settings. |
| [!UICONTROL Always Max Bid & Highest Viewability Rate (IAS – MRC)] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the highest viewability rates.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize viewability rate if spend goals are being met. The bid submitted will always be the set Max Bid, but the predicted viewability rate threshold will become stricter if a placement is spending well. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Highest Viewability Rate<br><br>Ad types: Interactive Pre-roll only<br><br><b>Note:</b> This goal will always use the placement-level Max Bid.<br><br>This setting works best when third-party data from IAS is informing the algorithm. Use this goal only when you've enabled the IAS integration for the campaign. |
| [!UICONTROL Always Max Bid & Highest Viewability Rate (Moat – GroupM)] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the highest viewability rates.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize viewability rate if spend goals are being met. The bid submitted will always be the set Max Bid, but the predicted viewability rate threshold will become stricter if a placement is spending well. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Highest Viewability Rate<br><br>Ad types: Interactive Pre-roll only<br><br><b>Note:</b> This goal will always use the placement-level Max Bid.<br><br>This setting works best when third-party data from MOAT is informing the algorithm. Use this goal only when you've enabled the MOAT integration for the campaign. |
| [!UICONTROL Always Max Bid & Highest Viewability Rate (Moat – MRC)] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the highest viewability rates.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize viewability rate if spend goals are being met. The bid submitted will always be the set Max Bid, but the predicted viewability rate threshold will become stricter if a placement is spending well. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Highest Viewability Rate<br><br>Ad types: Interactive Pre-roll only<br><br><b>Note:</b> This goal will always use the placement-level Max Bid.<br><br>This setting works best when third-party data from MOAT is informing the algorithm. Use this goal only when you've enabled the MOAT integration for the campaign. |
| [!UICONTROL Highest ROAS – Custom Goal] | (Available at the package level only) Budget allocation will prioritize placements with the highest Return On Ad Spend (ROAS).<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize ROAS. If spend goals are being met, then DSP will balance lowering the CPMs with raising the ROAS. | Campaign Type: Performance<br><br>Benchmark: Highest Revenue<br><br>Ad types: Display<br><br><b>Note:</b> See "Best Practices for Setting up Performance Campaigns" for more information. |
| [!UICONTROL Lowest CPA – Custom Goal] | (Available at the package level only) Budget allocation will prioritize placements with the lowest CPAs.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize CPA. If spend goals are being met, then DSP will balance lowering the CPMs with lowering the CPAs. | Campaign Type: Performance<br><br>Benchmark: Lowest CPA<br><br>Ad types: Display<br><br><b>Note:</b> See "Best Practices for Setting up Performance Campaigns" for more information. |
| [!UICONTROL Lowest Cost Per Click] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the lowest CPCs.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize CPC. If spend goals are being met, then DSP will balance lowering the CPMs with raising the CTRs in an attempt to lower the CPCs. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Efficient CPM & Highest Clickthrough Rate<br><br>Ad types: Pre-roll, Display<br><br><b>Note:</b> Use this goal to achieve the best possible CPC. To guarantee a maximum CPM, use it as the Max Bid for the placement. |
| [!UICONTROL Lowest Cost Per Completion] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the lowest cost per completion.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize video completion rates (VCR). If spend goals are being met, then DSP will balance lowering the CPMs with increasing the VCRs in an attempt to lower the costs per completion. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Efficient CPM & Highest Completion Rate<br><br>Ad types: Pre-roll only |
| [!UICONTROL Lowest Cost Per Engagement] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the lowest engagement rates.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize engagement rate. If spend goals are being met, then DSP will attempt to balance lowering the CPMs with lowering the costs per engagement. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Efficient CPM & Highest Engagement Rate<br><br>Ad types: Mobile Interstitial only |
| [!UICONTROL Lowest CPM] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the lowest CPMs.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize CPM. If spend goals are being met, then DSP will progressively lower the CPMs. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Efficient CPM<br><br>Ad types: Pre-roll, Display, CTV, Native, Audio |
| [!UICONTROL Lowest Cost Per View] | Operates similarly to Lowest CPM. With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the lowest CPMs.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize CPM. If spend goals are being met, then DSP will progressively lower the CPMs. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Efficient CPM & Highest Clickthrough Rate<br><br>Ad types: Pre-roll, Display |
| [!UICONTROL Lowest vCPM (Adobe - GroupM)] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the lowest vCPMs.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize vCPM. If spend goals are being met, then DSP will attempt to balance lowering the CPMs with raising viewability. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Efficient CPM & Highest vCPM<br><br>Ad types: Pre-roll, Display<br><br><b>Note:</b> Use this goal to achieve the best possible vCPM.<br><br>To guarantee a maximum CPM, use it as the Max Bid for the placement. |
| [!UICONTROL Lowest vCPM (Adobe - MRC)] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the lowest vCPMs.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize vCPM. If spend goals are being met, then DSP will attempt to balance lowering the CPMs with raising viewability. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Efficient CPM & Highest vCPM<br><br>Ad types: Pre-roll, Display<br><br><b>Note:</b> Use this goal to achieve the best possible vCPM.<br><br>To guarantee a maximum CPM, use it as the Max Bid for the placement. |
| [!UICONTROL Lowest vCPM (IAS - MRC)] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the lowest vCPMs.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize vCPM. If spend goals are being met, then DSP will attempt to balance lowering the CPMs with raising viewability. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Efficient CPM & Highest vCPM<br><br>Ad types: Pre-roll, Display<br><br><b>Note:</b> Use this goal to achieve the best possible vCPM.<br><br>To guarantee a maximum CPM, use it as the Max Bid for the placement.<br><br>This setting works best when third-party data from IAS is informing the algorithm. Use this goal only when you've enabled the IAS integration for the campaign. |
| [!UICONTROL Lowest vCPM (Moat - GroupM)] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the lowest vCPMs.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize vCPM. If spend goals are being met, then DSP will attempt to balance lowering the CPMs with raising viewability. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Efficient CPM & Highest vCPM<br><br>Ad types: Pre-roll, Display<br><br><b>Note:</b> Use this goal to achieve the best possible vCPM.<br><br>To guarantee a maximum CPM, use it as the Max Bid for the placement.<br><br>This setting works best when third-party data from MOAT is informing the algorithm. Use this goal only when you've enabled the MOAT integration for the campaign. |
| [!UICONTROL Lowest vCPM (Moat - MRC)] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the lowest vCPMs.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize vCPM. If spend goals are being met, then DSP will attempt to balance lowering the CPMs with raising viewability. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Efficient CPM & Highest vCPM<br><br>Ad types: Pre-roll, Display<br><br><b>Note:</b> Use this goal to achieve the best possible vCPM.<br><br>To guarantee a maximum CPM, use it as the Max Bid for the placement.<br><br>This setting works best when third-party data from MOAT is informing the algorithm. Use this goal only when you've enabled the MOAT integration for the campaign. |

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [Best Practices for Setting up Performance Campaigns](/help/dsp/optimization/campaign-best-practices-performance.md)
>* [Placement-level Pre-Bid Filters and How to Use Them](optimization-pre-bid-filters.md)
>* [Campaign Settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/campaigns/campaign-settings.md)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/optimization/optimization-goals.md, after:

---
title: Optimization Goals and How to Use Them
description: Reference the available optimization goals and see when to use them.
feature: optimization
exl-id: 9bca09b5-9aa7-4009-a576-9b30cfddfd55
---
# Optimization Goals and How to Use Them

| Optimization Goal | Description  | When to Use This Goal |
| -----------| ---------- | ---------- |
| [!UICONTROL Always Max Bid & Highest Clickthrough Rate] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize  placements with the highest clickthrough rates.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize CTR if spend goals are being met. The bid submitted will always be the set Max Bid, but the predicted CTR threshold will become stricter if a placement is spending well. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Highest Clickthrough Rate<br><br>Ad types: Pre-roll, Display<br><br><b>Note:</b> Use this goal if you have a fixed CPM goal that doesn't need to be surpassed and a CTR goal that needs to be maximized. Set the Max Bid to the desired CPM goal, and DSP will achieve the best possible CTR while attempting to spend the full budget. |
| [!UICONTROL Always Max Bid & Highest Completion Rate] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the highest completion rates.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize Completion Rate if spend goals are being met. The bid submitted will always be the set Max Bid, but the predicted Completion Rate threshold will become stricter if a placement is spending well. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Highest Completion Rate<br><br>Ad types: Pre-roll only<br><br><b>Note:</b> Use this goal if you have a fixed CPM goal that doesn't need to be surpassed and a Completion Rate goal that needs to be maximized. Set the Max Bid to the desired CPM goal, and DSP will achieve the best possible Completion Rate while attempting to spend the full budget. |
| [!UICONTROL Always Max Bid & Highest Engagement Rate] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the highest engagement rates.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize engagement rate if spend goals are being met. The bid submitted will always be the set Max Bid, but the predicted engagement rate threshold will become stricter if a placement is spending well. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Highest Engagement Rate<br><br>Ad types: Mobile Interstitial only<br><br><b>Note:</b> Use this goal if you have a fixed CPM goal that doesn't need to be surpassed and an engagement goal that needs to be maximized. Set the Max Bid to the desired CPM goal, and DSP will achieve the best possible engagement rate while attempting to spend the full budget. |
| [!UICONTROL Always Max Bid & Highest Viewability Rate (Adobe – GroupM)] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the highest viewability rates.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize viewability rate if spend goals are being met. The bid submitted will always be the set Max Bid, but the predicted viewability rate threshold will become stricter if a placement is spending well. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Highest Viewability Rate<br><br>Ad types: Interactive Pre-roll only<br><br><b>Note:</b> This goal will always use the placement-level Max Bid.<br><br>If the campaign's Viewability Sensitivity setting is set to “Standard (50% of ad in view for 2 consecutive seconds),” then the Media Rating Council (MRC) viewability measurement standard is used for the campaign. If the campaign is set to “Strict (100% of ad in view & audio on for 50% duration)” then the GroupM viewability measurement standard is used for the campaign. Ideally, you should match the campaign setting with the optimization goal and pre-bid filter settings. |
| [!UICONTROL Always Max Bid & Highest Viewability Rate (Adobe – MRC)] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the highest viewability rates.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize viewability rate if spend goals are being met. The bid submitted will always be the set Max Bid, but the predicted viewability rate threshold will become stricter if a placement is spending well. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Highest Viewability Rate<br><br>Ad types: Interactive Pre-roll only<br><br><b>Note:</b> This goal will always use the placement-level Max Bid.<br><br>If the campaign's Viewability Sensitivity setting is set to “Standard (50% of ad in view for 2 consecutive seconds),” then the Media Rating Council (MRC) viewability measurement standard is used for the campaign. If the campaign is set to “Strict (100% of ad in view & audio on for 50% duration)” then the GroupM viewability measurement standard is used for the campaign. Ideally, you should match the campaign setting with the optimization goal and pre-bid filter settings. |
| [!UICONTROL Always Max Bid & Highest Viewability Rate (IAS – MRC)] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the highest viewability rates.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize viewability rate if spend goals are being met. The bid submitted will always be the set Max Bid, but the predicted viewability rate threshold will become stricter if a placement is spending well. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Highest Viewability Rate<br><br>Ad types: Interactive Pre-roll only<br><br><b>Note:</b> This goal will always use the placement-level Max Bid.<br><br>This setting works best when third-party data from IAS is informing the algorithm. Use this goal only when you've enabled the IAS integration for the campaign. |
| [!UICONTROL Always Max Bid & Highest Viewability Rate (Moat – GroupM)] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the highest viewability rates.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize viewability rate if spend goals are being met. The bid submitted will always be the set Max Bid, but the predicted viewability rate threshold will become stricter if a placement is spending well. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Highest Viewability Rate<br><br>Ad types: Interactive Pre-roll only<br><br><b>Note:</b> This goal will always use the placement-level Max Bid.<br><br>This setting works best when third-party data from MOAT is informing the algorithm. Use this goal only when you've enabled the MOAT integration for the campaign. |
| [!UICONTROL Always Max Bid & Highest Viewability Rate (Moat – MRC)] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the highest viewability rates.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize viewability rate if spend goals are being met. The bid submitted will always be the set Max Bid, but the predicted viewability rate threshold will become stricter if a placement is spending well. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Highest Viewability Rate<br><br>Ad types: Interactive Pre-roll only<br><br><b>Note:</b> This goal will always use the placement-level Max Bid.<br><br>This setting works best when third-party data from MOAT is informing the algorithm. Use this goal only when you've enabled the MOAT integration for the campaign. |
| [!UICONTROL Highest ROAS – Custom Goal] | (Available at the package level only) Budget allocation will prioritize placements with the highest Return On Ad Spend (ROAS).<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize ROAS. If spend goals are being met, then DSP will balance lowering the CPMs with raising the ROAS. | Campaign Type: Performance<br><br>Benchmark: Highest Revenue<br><br>Ad types: Display<br><br><b>Note:</b> See "Best Practices for Setting up Performance Campaigns" for more information. |
| [!UICONTROL Lowest CPA – Custom Goal] | (Available at the package level only) Budget allocation will prioritize placements with the lowest CPAs.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize CPA. If spend goals are being met, then DSP will balance lowering the CPMs with lowering the CPAs. | Campaign Type: Performance<br><br>Benchmark: Lowest CPA<br><br>Ad types: Display<br><br><b>Note:</b> See "Best Practices for Setting up Performance Campaigns" for more information. |
| [!UICONTROL Lowest Cost Per Click] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the lowest CPCs.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize CPC. If spend goals are being met, then DSP will balance lowering the CPMs with raising the CTRs in an attempt to lower the CPCs. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Efficient CPM & Highest Clickthrough Rate<br><br>Ad types: Pre-roll, Display<br><br><b>Note:</b> Use this goal to achieve the best possible CPC. To guarantee a maximum CPM, use it as the Max Bid for the placement. |
| [!UICONTROL Lowest Cost Per Completion] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the lowest cost per completion.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize video completion rates (VCR). If spend goals are being met, then DSP will balance lowering the CPMs with increasing the VCRs in an attempt to lower the costs per completion. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Efficient CPM & Highest Completion Rate<br><br>Ad types: Pre-roll only |
| [!UICONTROL Lowest Cost Per Engagement] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the lowest engagement rates.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize engagement rate. If spend goals are being met, then DSP will attempt to balance lowering the CPMs with lowering the costs per engagement. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Efficient CPM & Highest Engagement Rate<br><br>Ad types: Mobile Interstitial only |
| [!UICONTROL Lowest CPM] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the lowest CPMs.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize CPM. If spend goals are being met, then DSP will progressively lower the CPMs. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Efficient CPM<br><br>Ad types: Pre-roll, Display, CTV, Native, Audio |
| [!UICONTROL Lowest Cost Per View] | Operates similarly to Lowest CPM. With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the lowest CPMs.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize CPM. If spend goals are being met, then DSP will progressively lower the CPMs. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Efficient CPM & Highest Clickthrough Rate<br><br>Ad types: Pre-roll, Display |
| [!UICONTROL Lowest vCPM (Adobe - GroupM)] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the lowest vCPMs.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize vCPM. If spend goals are being met, then DSP will attempt to balance lowering the CPMs with raising viewability. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Efficient CPM & Highest vCPM<br><br>Ad types: Pre-roll, Display<br><br><b>Note:</b> Use this goal to achieve the best possible vCPM.<br><br>To guarantee a maximum CPM, use it as the Max Bid for the placement. |
| [!UICONTROL Lowest vCPM (Adobe - MRC)] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the lowest vCPMs.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize vCPM. If spend goals are being met, then DSP will attempt to balance lowering the CPMs with raising viewability. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Efficient CPM & Highest vCPM<br><br>Ad types: Pre-roll, Display<br><br><b>Note:</b> Use this goal to achieve the best possible vCPM.<br><br>To guarantee a maximum CPM, use it as the Max Bid for the placement. |
| [!UICONTROL Lowest vCPM (IAS - MRC)] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the lowest vCPMs.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize vCPM. If spend goals are being met, then DSP will attempt to balance lowering the CPMs with raising viewability. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Efficient CPM & Highest vCPM<br><br>Ad types: Pre-roll, Display<br><br><b>Note:</b> Use this goal to achieve the best possible vCPM.<br><br>To guarantee a maximum CPM, use it as the Max Bid for the placement.<br><br>This setting works best when third-party data from IAS is informing the algorithm. Use this goal only when you've enabled the IAS integration for the campaign. |
| [!UICONTROL Lowest vCPM (Moat - GroupM)] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the lowest vCPMs.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize vCPM. If spend goals are being met, then DSP will attempt to balance lowering the CPMs with raising viewability. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Efficient CPM & Highest vCPM<br><br>Ad types: Pre-roll, Display<br><br><b>Note:</b> Use this goal to achieve the best possible vCPM.<br><br>To guarantee a maximum CPM, use it as the Max Bid for the placement.<br><br>This setting works best when third-party data from MOAT is informing the algorithm. Use this goal only when you've enabled the MOAT integration for the campaign. |
| [!UICONTROL Lowest vCPM (Moat - MRC)] | With package-level optimization, budget allocation will prioritize placements with the lowest vCPMs.<br><br>Auction appraisals will prioritize vCPM. If spend goals are being met, then DSP will attempt to balance lowering the CPMs with raising viewability. | Campaign Type: Branding<br><br>Benchmark: Efficient CPM & Highest vCPM<br><br>Ad types: Pre-roll, Display<br><br><b>Note:</b> Use this goal to achieve the best possible vCPM.<br><br>To guarantee a maximum CPM, use it as the Max Bid for the placement.<br><br>This setting works best when third-party data from MOAT is informing the algorithm. Use this goal only when you've enabled the MOAT integration for the campaign. |

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [Best Practices for Setting up Performance Campaigns](/help/dsp/optimization/campaign-best-practices-performance.md)
>* [Placement-level Pre-Bid Filters and How to Use Them](optimization-pre-bid-filters.md)
>* [Campaign Settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/campaigns/campaign-settings.md)
