help/dsp/campaign-management/campaign-launch-checklist.md, before:

---
title: Campaign Launch Checklist
description: Campaign Launch Checklist
exl-id: bf0147d0-0b58-435d-a2de-5b98e0d3488c
---
# Campaign Launch Checklist

## Account Funding

Make sure your account has enough credit to run the entire campaign. You can check and refill account funds in Settings > Account or by contacting your Adobe account manager.

## Campaign Status
  
Confirm that the campaign dates and budget are accurately set.

## Placement Status

Make sure the placement status is "Active" or "Scheduled." Also, verify that the other placement parameters (such as the site list, budget, goal, flight dates, and frequency) are correct.

## Ad Status

Confirm that all ads are attached, approved, and active. Also, verify that all tracking pixels are attached and functioning.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [Campaign Settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/campaigns/campaign-settings.md)
>* [Placement Settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/placements/placement-settings.md)
>* [Best Practices for Setting up Performance Campaigns](/help/dsp/optimization/campaign-best-practices-performance.md)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/campaign-management/campaign-launch-checklist.md, after:

---
title: Campaign Launch Checklist
description: Learn what you need to do before you launch a campaign.
feature: campaign management, campaigns, placements, ads
exl-id: bf0147d0-0b58-435d-a2de-5b98e0d3488c
---
# Campaign Launch Checklist

## Account Funding

Make sure your account has enough credit to run the entire campaign. You can check and refill account funds in Settings > Account or by contacting your Adobe account manager.

## Campaign Status
  
Confirm that the campaign dates and budget are accurately set.

## Placement Status

Make sure the placement status is "Active" or "Scheduled." Also, verify that the other placement parameters (such as the site list, budget, goal, flight dates, and frequency) are correct.

## Ad Status

Confirm that all ads are attached, approved, and active. Also, verify that all tracking pixels are attached and functioning.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [Campaign Settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/campaigns/campaign-settings.md)
>* [Placement Settings](/help/dsp/campaign-management/placements/placement-settings.md)
>* [Best Practices for Setting up Performance Campaigns](/help/dsp/optimization/campaign-best-practices-performance.md)
