help/dsp/campaign-management/campaigns/campaign-archive-unarchive.md, before:

---
title: Archive or Unarchive a Campaign
description: Archive or Unarchive a Campaign
exl-id: 9a6822c5-9d93-490a-9a2e-37afb1591028
---
# Archive or Unarchive a Campaign

Hide a campaign that isn't being used by archiving it. The only action you can take on an archived campaign is to unarchive it. Archived campaigns aren't shown by default but are still available for reporting.

You can unarchive a campaign to restore its previous status at any time.

## Archive a Campaign

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Next to the campaign name, click  **... > Archive**.
1. In the confirmation message, click **Archive**.

>[!NOTE]
>
>To view archived campaign, filter the Campaigns view: click ![Filter button](/help/dsp/assets/filter.png), click **Campaign status** and select **Archived**, and then click **Apply.**

## Unarchive a Campaign

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Next to the campaign name, click  **... > Unarchive**.
1. In the confirmation message, click **Unarchive**.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [Edit a Campaign](campaign-edit.md)

Commit message:

added "feature" metadata and edited some "description" metadata

help/dsp/campaign-management/campaigns/campaign-archive-unarchive.md, after:

---
title: Archive or Unarchive a Campaign
description: Learn how to archive or unarchive a campaign.
feature: campaign management, campaigns
exl-id: 9a6822c5-9d93-490a-9a2e-37afb1591028
---
# Archive or Unarchive a Campaign

Hide a campaign that isn't being used by archiving it. The only action you can take on an archived campaign is to unarchive it. Archived campaigns aren't shown by default but are still available for reporting.

You can unarchive a campaign to restore its previous status at any time.

## Archive a Campaign

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Next to the campaign name, click  **... > Archive**.
1. In the confirmation message, click **Archive**.

>[!NOTE]
>
>To view archived campaign, filter the Campaigns view: click ![Filter button](/help/dsp/assets/filter.png), click **Campaign status** and select **Archived**, and then click **Apply.**

## Unarchive a Campaign

1. In the main menu, click **Campaigns**.
1. Next to the campaign name, click  **... > Unarchive**.
1. In the confirmation message, click **Unarchive**.

>[!MORELIKETHIS]
>
>* [Edit a Campaign](campaign-edit.md)
